Thank you.  [repeated 17x, trimmed]
Hey, Chica. How's it going?
Hi. How are you doing?
I can hear you laughing. That's good to hear. Yeah, it's good to see you. I'm excited to
chat more. We're doing, I'm doing a lot of preparation recently for this event and definitely
excited that you want to get involved because there's a couple of people that I'm going to be
bringing in on the virtual side where we're going to be doing an in-person event, but also
hopefully being able to have people help out and support the virtual people that are coming in,
understand exactly what's going on. So yeah, I think there's a lot of ways you can come in,
help out and check different things. So this is just the right now, the current ZaoStock.com
website. So essentially I made this recently to help us as a team kind of get together.
And essentially what it is, is a way for different people on the team to come in and update their
bio their photo and have a full team dashboard all on their own um i need to fix that um
so this is someone's team dashboard and you can see so he's done a partially completed profile
he just needs to complete a couple other things but you can kind of come in here and just edit
your profile so this i've all recently made to make the process of organization easier and give
everyone a kind of overview of the ability to see where we're at with different pieces of
process and being able to actually come in and support and potentially add new people. So if
you go to the home page, there's also added to do add a sponsor, add a potential artist. So
lots of fun ways to get involved. I've been working on this for the last couple of months,
just kind of getting ready for October and preparing for having a local event here.
So yeah, I'm excited for you to get involved.
Is there anything specifically you have questions on,
you're interested in, or if you want to chat more about?
What's the event about?
I saw it's a music event.
It's a music event.
So it's going to be musicians performing.
Okay.
that's the
artist on the
Zao.
Yeah, exactly. We're going to be bringing
Zao artists to my hometown
essentially where I live
here and
performing here and also
having a bunch of the local people here get a
chance to hear all the different genres of music
that our artists can perform.
Okay.
yeah do you have any questions i don't know
what did you say sorry i was just asking if you had any questions on it specifically
no i don't i went through your the website and i saw like lots of access on them and yeah
so i don't think i have well i don't know where i can come in like yeah no for sure so
One of the things I'm doing is actually working on the different people of the team. So right now I have been working with different folks that have been involved in some way, shape or form and joining them into this coordinative team.
And we've been doing weekly meetings on Tuesdays at 10, but those are going to change.
So actually this exact same time, but on Tuesdays.
But we're going to actually change those eventually.
But right now I'm going to start doing a Monday at 1130.
Co-Build as well.
There's a lot of different ways I think you can get involved.
Essentially, let me share my screen one more time.
What I've done is I've made it so that volunteers, if they're interested, can join different teams.
so different teams are called different circles so I type in dash circle and we
can see there's different circles to the different teams for this event so
there's the finance circle the host circle the marketing circle the media
circle the merch circle which we should change to a different thing music
operations and partners so all of these different pieces different people can
come in and help out with i think it um what we'll need to change merch to is the virtual uh side of
it right so marketing and virtual i think could be really powerful because when we have the stream
on the day of the event we want to make sure that people that are coming into the stream know
what's happening understand and we want to make sure we have people that are active there so iban
um is going to be helping me out with that as well so be cool if you were another kind of like
moderator in the chat able to help out share with other people kind of like what's going on and
and uh and stuff like that that can be really cool plus just like i'm popping in seeing what
stuff we're doing and sharing different things out if uh if there's something that um suits your
fancy um but yeah right now we're in the like pretty liquid part of figuring out um where people
are fitting themselves in anyway so just kind of coming to meetings and uh and sharing any of your
thoughts and advice is kind of all you really need to do. So I made this Telegram group chat
to organize different people as well to be able to share asynchronously. But Mondays and Tuesdays,
we're going to be meeting to do different things. And this is kind of what I'm going to be doing
every day and sharing stuff about. So I think what we can pop you in is the marketing team
initially to start. And just like you can kind of watch and see what's going on at first and then
see where you could kind of fit in best.
do you have anything specifically you want to work on in this next six months
chica what did you say is there something you specifically want to work on in the next six
months like under the circle in general just in general in farcaster in web 3 as an artist like
what are you interested in okay okay um um i want to resume my project management course
so i think i should have gotten my certificate i started looking for like internship pros
well perfect you can help me out with project management so my first job was doing project
management personally i hated it but that was because i was working on like i was working in
a manufacturing job and we were manufacturing airplane parts um technically for the military
but also commercial so it just wasn't the most satisfying work for me um but i was doing a lot
project, I had an opportunity to learn a lot about project management and actually just
like running through myself through projects and like seeing it work itself out or seeing
different problems and having to problem solve.
So I'm actively doing that with my projects.
I enjoy that a lot more because for me, there's something to gain actively.
So it's very beneficial.
But other than the ability to project manage my own projects, sometimes there's
things that other people can come in and help support in different roles with like things that
I will totally wouldn't see right because it's like I'm so in the weeds with it sometimes I'm
doing so much specific work that I don't take that like step back so I would love help with project
management if you want to be like one of my supports on the operations team if you want to
help me be like this the second in command there or even potentially at some point lead it like I
would love that. I would love to give you specific responsibilities. You can initially maybe watch
the first couple of weeks, see where we're at, see how different things are managing, and then maybe
pop in and suggest different ideas for ways I can project manage better, or even just be like,
hey, Zal, I'm ready. Give me a couple of responsibilities, or even right now I can
do specific things. But what I always want to start out with with everyone is I'll make a user
account for everyone. If they can pop in a bio and a photo, and then that'll show up on the website
automatically and they can change that as they please they can add a couple links that are about
themselves and then we can work on making a post about each of them on the zao festivals account
like then i'm happy with each member like being an official volunteer right so like then it's like
okay like where can we officially put you on like a role or a responsibility or a to-do because those
are like the three basic roles i want every uh person to come through stress so like we have
everything set and ready so that that individual can uh you know when they're doing work actually
be recognized for that work okay cool is there anything specific in the project management side
of things that you you like like you want to like really dive into is there something you find
interesting because uh project management is a whole big like uh what was your most interesting
thing that you learned out of your course like what do you what part of that did you did you
feel like oh I like really like this a lot and like I would want to work on this type of thing.
Okay I'm really someone that loves to organize things like I really love organizing things so
I think I'm really good at that and teaching and communicating the middle man kind of.
Awesome have you played around with any of the AI tools with not just like chat but like any
coding tools at all yet okay no worries we could get you trying things out because i think if you
like that side of things there's a lot of great opportunity to use some of these tools to its
extent that they're like meant to be used for because if you have a brain like that already
you'll be able to orchestrate and organize these agents well together right and and they'll whether
they are coding agents or help you go research stuff on the internet or these different things,
I think it can be really powerful. So I'm really excited to get started. I'll have a meeting
tomorrow at 1130 Eastern. I'll share you an invite for that. And then a Tuesday, 10am Eastern,
which I'm going to definitely get rid of in the next little bit here, I think. But we'll see.
The Tuesday meeting has gone on for the last like six weeks or so. It's just mostly a standup where
I share all the information with everyone.
Now my goal is to brainstorm with different team members throughout the week so that we
all get reports and we can share with the team on the Tuesday every single week.
So that's kind of where I'm at.
I'm doing different things towards pushing it there.
We have a venue locked in place.
We have a stage and a tent set up.
I have different people on my team helping me with AV and the audio visual side of it.
We have an on-the-ground partner that's right next door that'll help out with some electricity
and stuff like that, which I think will be really powerful.
So I think we're really at a great place to get started and get cooking.
So I'm super, when you messaged me and said you were excited to start,
wanted to get involved, I was super excited.
So I appreciate all the support you've given.
And if there's any way throughout this process, you're like,
hey, I need help with XYZ thing.
Please let me know.
Don't ever hesitate to ask for help, A.
But then B, also if there's something I can help you out with
where there's something else in your thing where you're like,
hey, like I'm posting this thing and I'd like some extra attention on it because it's something that
I'm really proud of or I've been working on for the last couple of weeks or like it's a friend's
thing here or there and like an artist out there, like feel free to shoot me a message at any time
and would love to share anything out. And then like if you're ever stuck on any place or you're
like, hey, I would love an intro to someone here on Farcaster because I'd love to chat with them here
or there. Like I'm always an open ear and want to support in any way, shape or form. Okay.
awesome do you have any questions for me then uh and we can get started this week and just uh
get ready everyone in our community is awesome they're 20 20 21 so far awesome individuals that
love different people who come in and want to help out so like they're um excited to find
different ways to step in and volunteer and support so um would love to find the right way
for you to get involved in.
One of the things I'm trying to work in
to this organization and for our volunteers
and different people that are helping pitch
in different ways is, and in this way,
I think might be a beneficial way for you,
A, operationally, and then B, also potentially
being able to get somewhat paid for your time
is that once we do have a little bit of a brand guide together,
a one-pager, different things to bring the brand together
and share to different potential sponsors.
But the goal is that if different volunteers
within our organization bring anyone that is a willing sponsor. So our partners are the different
individuals that are coming in, supporting with their time, effort, and energy. The sponsors are
going to be different people that are helping with financial capital. If someone brings in someone,
we want to be able to give them a portion for a finder's fee, but then also a portion of if that
individual wants to manage that sponsor throughout being a sponsor and getting their deliverables met
through the organization, that person can also get like an operational fee of like helping that
sponsor. So if you find a sponsor, it could be a percentage of them also helping like manage that
sponsor with the organization and like be that point of contact for that sponsor. Um, that could
be a little bit more as well. So I think that might be also a nice way to fit in well with you,
where we might be able to hit up some really awesome, like big brands that, and like we,
We have a 403CB here that whatever for people and organizations and different people that are out there that want to get a tax deductible return that might not have been able to be a potential sponsor before.
But because we're a fiscal partner of a nonprofit, we can have funds come in through the nonprofit to come in and support the artists.
So we have a lot of different avenues of like resources that I think together can be really powerful. And I think once we get together, I would love support in bringing together like all the resources we would need to share with different team members. If they found a potential sponsor that might be a good fit, they can send them all the right resources and information for us to get them into a conversation.
What we really want more than anything is for them to schedule a meeting, right?
So that we could talk to them, have a conversation, see where they're at, like share with them
where we're at, what we can offer them.
And then if some people can even just get us into that meeting and we actually get them
to like buy anything in any capacity, then that person can get that finder's fee.
And if that person wants to help organize that, then they can get the operational fee.
Does that make sense?
Yes, yes, it does.
But other than that, everything everyone else is doing is volunteer.
here and supporting in that aspect, right? Does that make sense?
Do you have any last questions for me before we jump off?
Oh, do you use Telegram actively at all?
Telegram.
Yeah.
Okay, perfect. And then if that's your best mode of communication, we can do that. If
Farcaster DM is best. We can do that. I can also do WhatsApp if that makes it easier.
But Telegram is where we can bring in bots and we can have a conversation and then also have the
bot recording and capturing all that data so that we don't have to go back through and be like,
oh, what was that link that I sent you? What was this? So that's what I would love to get you
onboarded. Let me know what things that I can help you throughout this week. Maybe something
that might be confusing and you're like, hey, this is like, I don't know where to go here. Or
like hey this is out of date like we need to update this um i have a lot of different things
that i'm playing around with and you'll definitely hear a bunch of stuff this week on monday and
tuesday um again like if there's other times throughout the week that you like have an idea
or like want to do something or like have a thing that we're not doing that i'm missing that we
definitely need to make sure we do in the project management like feel free to let me know so my
telegram is better calls all just like um my ex username we're trying to attack the web2 socials
here in the future. We have Zao Festival's socials because we did two past events. We also
have another event. So our event is in October in Maine, but we have another event we're partnering
with a musician that's performed with us. It's called Zaoville. It's going to be in July in the
DC area, the DC metro area around Washington, DC. And that one is a smaller event, but we're going
be using it for promo marketing all the stuff stuff as well so that'd be another great place
where we could tap you in so we have a bunch of content and stuff like we can share like we have
a really good brand around this we have a lot of good people willing to help out some of the
operational things are still like a wash because i'm doing a lot of things as it is on my own
full-time job some of the other brands um so being able to have other people come in and help out
with this like i have another partner that i'll introduce you to um here soon that i work with
every day who's helping me out with the ZaoDevs channel, bringing that to life and getting our
client side together so that we can get people coming in that need help with vibe coding,
need help with beta testers, need help with different people, helping them with where
people are at or just need a dev shop. So those things is what he's helping out with. So he's
been kind of my intern helping out with different things, learning more about ZaoStock along the way.
So with the two of you, I think we can be a really crazy powerhouse team. So I appreciate
you know, reaching out.
Let me know what ways I can be of help.
Let me know what ways I can support
your being the best you can be in this role.
So feel free to let me know different ideas and thoughts.
And thank you for popping on.
You mentioned having a meeting tomorrow, yeah?
Yeah.
So 1130 here.
Let me just add you on it right now.
Thank you.
Chika. Is Chika how I pronounce it?
Yes, yes, yes.
How do you, and is that your given name? Chika Odai?
Okay, my real name is Chikodi.
Chikodi.
Chikodi.
Chikodi. I like that. That's very nice.
Yeah, it just doesn't mean to Chika, yeah.
Yeah, no, I totally get that. It's its own challenge, right?
We've had a lot of Indian names that people find different ways to shorten.
My name's Persian.
Zal.
I'm very blessed that my parents gave me a short name.
Even though people mispronounce it all the time, at least it's like I don't have to, you know, I don't correct people sometimes.
It's the last name that people mess up.
But it's nice and easy.
I usually say, like, it's Paul with a Z.
So I get the assimilation of people recognizing it with the name Paul.
But here, I'm going to add you to these two meetings.
So these are...
Let me know if you have any issues getting into the meeting room
because it is technically a different meeting room.
But I just added you there.
And then I'm going to also...
Sorry?
I think it's similar to Google Meet.
Google...
It's similar.
it's um it's technically not but it's you can just join in as a guest you don't even have to
like log in or anything which is nice about this it's called meet.base rooms it's one of the
friends built it so it's just like a little meeting room but it's not uh it's not uh
it's not tied to an account so anyone can join in from anywhere at any time with just that url
That's why it's usually useful.
And then I just added you to the Zao Stock Stand-Up as well,
which is on Google Meet right now.
And yeah, let me know if there's any questions throughout the day today.
If there's any ideas, feel free to check out the Zao Festival's socials
for like stuff from the past.
We still need to update all of that.
So my first goal in this next couple weeks is everyone has posted a bio and photos.
I want to make a post about them on all of our social media saying like,
okay, like this is a volunteer for Zao festivals.
This is some of the things like about them.
These are some of the things they're going to be working on kind of thing.
And,
and get that out for everyone so that we have a social post about everyone
that's coming in and helping out and actively doing their things.
Okay.
I should get my attention.
Awesome.
Yeah.
And then any ideas on VARCAS or feel free to tag me on stuff?
Like I'll try and tag you on different things in different capacities that I,
I start to think of more.
I actually need to make the Farcaster account still for Zal Festival.
So one of the things I need to do is start figuring out like more about that
and running that. So yeah,
it could be cool to have different ways and ideas for doing things there as
well. All ears, all the time. So yeah, thanks for, for chatting.
Feel free to let me know any other things,
shoot me a message on telegram and then i'll add you to the group chat there and uh we can always
share things back and forth there and everyone else can see those things too so like ideas can
flow people can like get ideas of like hey like do we have an idea on like how we're organizing
the artist because like i have an idea all the things are in my head but i haven't like said
anything yet right for some of the things so it could always be is beneficial to write things
down and document it so feel free to ask questions um and thank you for your time
thank you for having me
alright
see you Chika
bye
bye
