How are you doing today? How do I pronounce your name?
It's pronounced as Shittaj.
Shittaj.
Yeah.
Amazing to meet you, Shittaj.
And then hello.
This is Rishabh.
My another co-founder.
Okay, amazing.
It's great to chat with you guys.
I'm super excited to talk more.
I'm really excited.
I really want to, from the States, make the trip out to India this year for DevCon with a couple of my teammates.
And I've been ideating about it a little bit more.
Okay, awesome.
Here is Candy.
I pressed in it, but...
Oh, there we go.
Okay, cool.
It's amazing to meet you.
And I might mispronounce it again.
It's Shittij.
Yes, correct.
and um remind me again um what's your name sorry rishab rishab and uh amazing to meet you guys um
my name is all this is candy toy box also known as sam we work in the on-chain music side of the
space um been doing a couple things in different capacities for the last couple years we did a
couple irl events tied to um crypto conferences here in the states and uh one of my podcasts
let's talk about ethereum is working on finding its way for the three of us to do um come over
there to india for devcon do some media create some content around it specifically geared towards
um the podcast that we're doing i'm chatting with more people because it's uh let's talk about
eth around the world our goal is to get as many different voices um and as many different
perspectives from people around the world so yeah i'm excited to hear more um about what you guys
are doing um sam and i uh have been working together for the last few years um she helped
me co-found the zao and then as the zao we've incubated a few different projects in that that
we're both working on in different capacities as well as other community members and um she does a
lot of the design stuff i got my lecture engineering degree and i'm a lot more on the
the math science side of things.
That's why I pair really well with musicians, helping musicians with the
entrepreneurship thing. So, yeah, that's a little bit about us.
And I would love to dive in more to what you guys do and where you guys are at.
So me and Rishabh both are in the Web3 space from last three to four years.
Rishabh has been deep into the DeFi space.
He has worked with several companies in the DeFi space.
and I was more working with some DeFi protocols and bridges
so I was working with them and helping them out with the communities and the marketing side
so last year we both started together called DDAN
so DDAN is a pop-up stage
so basically we organize pop-up stage for major Web3 conferences
so we started last year in the ETH Global Delhi event
So we hosted a pop-up stage, more than 50 builders were staying with us for the overall time period of 10 days.
So yeah, we got immense great feedback around it.
So we started and registered our company in India itself and then we moved to IBW.
So IBW is another flagship event happening in the Indian community.
It's happened during the month of November each year.
So it's basically happened in the Bangalore.
So we hosted another pop-up stage in the, in IVW.
We got more than a hundred builders and the marketers, founders, to stay with us for the whole event.
So this was the initial thing.
Then we tried to expand in the global market.
We hosted one pop-up stage during the Solana Breakpoint 2.
But after that the situation in the global level arises and the war started to happen.
We were planning to host a pop-up stay during the token 2049 Dubai.
But due to the war and all we thought like focus for the Indian market only for this year.
So we are planning to host a big pop-up stay during the DEFCON this year.
So we have already booked two properties.
We are partnering with several companies out there in that.
So, yeah.
That's awesome.
Yeah, no, I think there's a lot of alignment.
When we did our Miami event in 2024, our goal was to get as much of the on-chain music space
together in one room as we could for that event.
And what we did was we worked with different communities to get them involved in some different
ways they performed.
So through me and some of our sponsors, we got like 50 plus communities in On Jane Music
all doing something to come in and support that.
We had 20 or so different musicians performing.
And then we actually also had the opportunity to promote some visual artists.
So we had a hundred plus visual artists displayed.
And through that process, we also got an Airbnb in Miami with 16 of our teammates and artists.
And through that, we actually had the awesome opportunity of after the event, we made a song
with 10 of the artists.
It's our cipher.
So it's around the event named around the event.
And we realized we inadvertently did kind of an artist residency and how potentially
potent that was.
we also took on too many of the responsibilities throughout that, whether that was event organizing,
organizing artists, hosting people outside of that, and realizing that it is a lost leader if you
don't pick your niche and really lock into it. So one of the things we've realized is the value of
our music network in creating that and starting to reach out to more of these musicians that want
to go to events like these. So I love the idea that you guys are doing of building like a pop-up
builder event so we would love to figure out whatever way we could be involved i think it'd be
a blast to just share a little bit more one of the yeah go for it so like as you mentioned like uh
you're you're looking forward to come india for defcon i guess you will be coming along with
more of your team members right it's a very uncertain right now to be honest with you because
uh of funding more than anything but i also think that with enough planning and time my goal is to
come in and find ways to help support with our resources as a dao an organization a community
crowdfunding for some of the artists to get there depending on who wants to get more involved
so if i'm kind of a definite i would love to like i mean not definite but um i was
where in india are you guys based we are based in delhi
Okay. I was in Mumbai earlier this year in January for a wedding, actually, a family wedding.
But yeah, I would love to come back to India this year. That's going to be my goal personally.
And I don't think it is going to take, it is not that hard of a challenge for just me.
And it's just dependent on now how I expand from that.
So one of our projects, the podcast with the two other founders there,
they both bring specific unique qualities and traits that their communities also bring that
add to it so like the plan is to crowdfund it with the two of them and go with the media route
but for me it'll be really an amazing opportunity to plan to bring some artists with that that
want to get involved someone like a hurricane and django who both would be willing and able to
if the means allowed it so like we could have a really good crew of five people where some people
or media, some people are artists and then a couple other people can do a lot of things
in and between.
So kind of a mix.
So I'll give you a heads up, Zal.
Like, you know, we've been hosting three properties during DevCon out of which two
have been finalized.
One is specifically for the developers who are looking forward to stay and, you know,
work on some project.
The other property is with a rooftop where like, you know, founders, creators, developers,
uh you know the person who are like you know working in web 3 company they all can join right
and we also have a terrace on that property so we can arrange some evening and night like where
people can have some more chill and fun even like you know we can arrange some branded nights right
and uh we've been hosting almost 160 plus people during this time for this day and uh
It's a community stay thing where we do not, you know, so for now, like until now, we were not charging in anything from companies and all.
We were directly like, you know, looking forward to people who are just coming for the event and looking forward to our space to just like, you know, stay and attend the event.
So we target that kind of people, right.
But from now, we are also opening our sponsorship tokens.
Like, you know, people can be a co-host for single, single properties.
they can like you know uh we will be charging them for evenings let's suppose if you wanted
to organize some of the event in a property on the terrace you can like you know just pay some
small amount and then like you know you can host an event there definitely crowd and everything
will be done by end we also will be setting up a podcast studio in the property so people who
are living there you can even have a like you know the podcast done with them you can like you
invite someone and you can take a county podcast and then we have the third property where like you
know it's going to be more uh for the people who are new to web3 uh who are like you know
uh students or like you know some other crowd which are looking forward just to attend the
event and have a first experience so that's how we are planning this year apart from this we have
been also engaged with uh you know like partnering with other uh you know like the clubs and uh
cafes and all just to help the companies to curate their events and uh help them with like you know
execute the event at the defcon time so that's how we're working on the things and i guess as
you mentioned you've been involved in the uh musical blockchain thing right uh i guess like
this artistic blockchain thing is definitely something interesting and if you look forward
for like you know coming to defcon we will be really grateful and like you know uh for hosting
you in fact uh if someone is coming from a team or in any other part of the uh world that is
something like you know we can definitely give you something like this is going to be the best place
you can find to stay and collaborate with the people because you will be like you know you
will be having not only three four hours or half an hour account where the people are in the event
but you'll be spending days with them and nights with them right just like you know having cup of
morning tea from breakfast to like you know your last beer of the day and then like you know going
to sleep and then walking waking up in the morning and then again meeting them and you'll be free to
explore any property anytime we do not put restrictions on the people who are staying
with us for all these things so that's how we've been moving further with this thing and uh definitely
pop-up stay in India is the new culture which has been definitely we are just building the
cult around it and people definitely being still like you know thinking like you know what these
things been working out or not but definitely this is working out because like you know
most of the people are being gen z and they do not believe in like you know just sitting
in the corner and being so gen z's are always so extrovert and they just go out and do anything
So that's how we've been working on the things.
I love it.
Yeah, no, super excited to chat more.
Sam, do you have any thoughts?
Sorry.
No, I mean, besides being super jealous that I have three kids and I can't take off and go to India, I would love to do that.
i um yeah no not really i mean i love what you're doing and i think it's really cool to
kind of like pop up or entertainment to the box idea and um yeah it'd be great to you know keep
working with you guys and you know continue the conversation so uh how how you look forward for
collaborating with us like uh what do you feel how we can do it oh i i love it i think there's
a million ways that we can align and tap in i would love for you guys to come to one of our
spaces we do spaces um 11 times a week with one of our brands um wave wars um so wave wars is one
of the brands that sam and i work on is the first idea incubated in the zao and what we do is live
traded music battles on solana where the artists get paid as people trade on the artist um since
since we built it all in-house.
And that community, we have five spaces
Monday through Friday at 11 a.m. Eastern
and then five spaces at 8.30 p.m. Eastern
where we do different things throughout them.
And then on Sundays, we have our big battles.
And I would love for you guys to just come in and share
because I think you guys said
you don't have the third house set up yet
or a plan for it.
I think it could be really powerful to have a music house,
especially if that's something you guys are interested in and i think um whether there's
some specific musicians in india that i know of that i would love to start reaching out to now
um to try and get them um excited about this but then also having a couple of the musicians
that might want to travel for it as well so yeah i have a lot of ideas um i'm uh super
my plan is already that i'm going so i would love to find ways to get involved and help you guys out
I like the website a lot. I think there's a lot of powerful things we could rock out together. And like, I love the idea of pop ups. We always they said and thought of them as artist residencies, but I'm really excited about the power of that with communities like ours and some of the mutual communities of ours that can be very empowered by platforms like this, especially in a place where like, I have been to India a few times, but I've always been there with my parents and family.
there's a big reason why i want to come is because i've never been there alone alone being like not
with family um luckily for me i actually have my aunt and uncle are like within 45 minutes of the
venue so i'm actually excited it's in a good area but um but having a place like what you guys
cultivate and create can be really powerful for people that are coming from out of the country
and there for the first time so um i'm really excited and appreciative and also also like you
these properties are just like you know 15 to 20 minutes away from the defcon venue right so we
pick the properties which are nearby and people don't have to travel much for the events and all
that's how we do the things uh here what i feel like we can align with start is definitely coming
out with some good community partnership so like you know people in your community who are looking
forward to come india and attend the defcon this november we can definitely partner for the thing
and uh we can create some specific discount coupon for your community members where they can like you
know uh just use the uh these coupons for booking their uh stays during the like you know defcon so
that's how we can come up with the first and then hosting some uh twitter spaces with the community
where we can uh make them uh like you know go through the website how to like you know navigate
and how to book these days and what experience and things and exposure that we'll be getting
so we're doing this state so that's how we can plan the things right
awesome yeah no i love it i would love to figure out a way to get more involved and
see what we can do about uh yeah it sounds like you guys are doing some awesome stuff so
excited to get aligned and figure out ways to get involved i'm one i do some podcasts that solo as
well live streams where i'm doing uh one with different founders and just interviewing them and
kind of sharing what they're building so as we get closer to the event i would love to have you
guys on for that but uh but yeah no i appreciate the the reaching out um super excited to find ways
to align and um if you want we can make a group chat with the four of us um and uh and i'll add
my two partners from the podcast and we can just continue the conversation there sure sure sure i
will create a group link and share with you so you can share it with your team also and we can
uh chat more around in the group awesome um i love it well i don't have any other questions
um i appreciate your guys's time thank you rishab thank you um yeah sam do you have any yeah thank
you cool uh no i don't have any questions at the moment cool cool thank you thank you sam thank you
thank you for the time and looking forward to meet you uh during the devcon this year
yep good yeah oh thank you so much
yeah it's very good yeah i was saying thanks guys i'll catch you guys soon
good good good thank you
Please share your thoughts on the other side.
