what's up everybody I am gonna be teaching our next Zao games workshop
here and we're gonna be talking about the Zao Fractal as the first Zao
project today since we are in our Zao Fractal meeting we meet weekly at a
regular time at 6 p.m. Eastern in the Zao Fractal at discord.thezao.com
so we're gonna get started here welcome to the Zao Fractal at the Zao we are
decentralized impact network for the creator economy. What is the Zao? The Zao is the Ztalent
artist organization and we are powered by soulbound illiquid Zao Respect tokens that you can earn
weekly through peer consensus. We have four objectives here at the Zao. Empowerment,
transparency, sustainability, and equitable distribution.
so we're here currently to play this our respect game and how does this our respect game work so
we're going to be splitting off into groups of maximum of six people and sharing in four minute
updates um if we're new and intro and if we're returning um what you've been contributing since
your last now fractal and these are all submitted on chain at the end so what does voting mean what
are you contributing? You're contributing anything you think is advancing the Zao's vision of
advancing music, art, and technology. And that can be one of six to five different ways.
Contributions, collaborations, innovations, onboarding, and supporting Zao community members.
So supporting Zao community members is any way, shape, or form. Contributions start out with
anything that you're working on, whether that be what you're developing, whether that be what
you're working on as an artist, whether it be what you're working on as an entrepreneur.
So ultimately, anything you want, you can share that you believe is advancing this long-term
goal.
But everything that is extra includes things like collaboration, which is working with
anyone that's out there, innovations, anything that's cutting edge, and onboarding individuals,
whether that's into the Zao, into on-chain music, or crypto as a whole.
So we're going to be using the Discord, and we have two tools here, the Dash Timer tool, which essentially is going to get everyone started and give a meet the group embed in the chat for everyone to see who else is in the group.
And ultimately, then it will show who is currently speaking, and you can choose who goes next.
And if the person who gets chosen needs to be brought back, you can always come back to that person.
and after everyone shares what they've been working on we're going to be reaching consensus
so this discord consensus bot will be created by the facilitator with the dash zao fractal command
and that will allow everyone to vote on the level six voter the level six person who is the person
you believe contributed the most this week and then you'll be able to continue on through level
five, four, three, two, one, until you get everyone. And after that, you're going to get a
Zao Fractal results. And we are currently in the Zao Fractal meeting. So if you turn on your camera,
you can get an additional 10 Zao respect. So does anyone have any questions before we get started?
Awesome. Thank you.
