away wherever i can it's been where are you at where are you at up in maine in the northeast
oh in maine yeah i'm more into more away far away from boston isn't it uh yeah like a few hours
north exactly yeah like three hours or four yeah like four hours exactly so i'm originally from
the boston suburbs actually oh cool i was in boston a year ago like three months i believe
that i just told you this before yeah maybe yeah i was staying there exploring the biotech sector
you know in terms of marine biotech stuff i just thought we talked from scripts i just
talk with some people from tufts university and you know create blockchain conference
of a year ago in harvard you know the harvard blockchain conference it was pretty insightful
at least for me because people at that time were not aware about how can they use blockchain to
particular use cases in sciences so basically i've been quite exploring that since six years ago but
but not formally, just experimenting and prototyping stuff.
Yeah.
No, but the thing is with people like you in the space
who are experimenting, trying things out,
you have so much more experience than someone who's,
you know, this richy rich person who has a person or company
that has a lot of money and is like,
oh, hey, like I want to do this.
It's like, you can't just like come in and do this.
You need like some knowledge
and like you need to have built something over time, right?
It's not just like, especially decentralized tooling, right?
It's not just something you do.
that's the funny thing in terms of my experience that's a funny thing that I just saw because many
many individuals in biotech said hey we're basically doing the same thing but on a centralized
way how can we mitigate this and I was like okay you should do this but okay how much do we need I
was like it's not how much do you need actually it's more in what would be the the proper way to
do it you know exactly right so it's quite difficult you're trying to spend as little
money as possible and it's like okay like you can do that but you'll you'll only go this far
it's like if you want to make this long-term sustainable this is how we need to do it and
yeah it might cost more right now but that's the whole point is that like this will last right
total agree it was quite funny because some individuals you know mesurif dao right now is
quite uh incubating certain projects and it's part of certain projects actually we're quite
updating up here it will be a way to a wet lab here with some of our partners uh the coalition
so basically these days have been quite busy you know checking some time you know doing doing some
work you know in terms of okay supporting people right now is uh for a reef awareness day so we're
trying to figure out how to build this and we're going to get incubated by by molecule
i just saw the uh um the prototype i'm i have been working with a friend since a few months
we just delayed a little bit because the jurisdiction problem you know because as a
ngo you could not have a token you know even if it's for governance the mexican law will give
you some gaps if you launch a token you need to be regulated by the bank of mexico and all these
kind of situations so we just decided to do uh llc in prospera in this special jurisdiction so
everyone will go smoothly you know we believe that but you know we're we're i believe that in
two weeks we're going to to be quite curated in the in their dashboard you know that's awesome
start to knowledge graph for conservation yeah man i i i love that i love to hear that it's cool to
hear that you're just moving and chugging along i'm excited because it's a space that i'm not
personally that deep into so it's really good to know that when and if i have an individual that
asks me about geological or ecological pieces and ways to support that with blockchain i have
a place to now send them so that's what i love about meeting folks like you and just like going
to these events where like you meet a random person a completely different side of the industry but
it's all we're all in blockchain right so it's like it's different still because we still have
the all baseline level of knowledge of like xyz thing and then like in the general ecosystem this
is what people are looking at but like we're all in regen ecosystems in different parts of it though
right so it's like i'm over on the music side you're over on the world side and it's like we're
We're meeting together in blockchain.
Yeah.
So how has been your journey so far?
You know, after Denver and after Boulder, what did you do after that?
You go back to the end?
It was really good.
Yeah, mostly.
So I'm out here and being.
I saw that you sent me an application for bathing, but I didn't comprehend a lot.
Will you explain me a little bit?
Yeah, no, for sure.
Because I think that conservation could be gamified, you know?
That's my theoretical framework.
It needs to be quite a few.
A million percent.
So my essential goal is I'm doing a three-month long hackathon,
kind of an evolution of the Ethereum, the ETH Boulder event.
So I'm doing one month of workshops.
That's where I want you to come in and be a teacher
and come in and share about what you've done,
the tools you've used and the ways you use agentic tooling right now and the goal is
is it going to be remotely or yeah yeah yeah everything's remote oh yeah so you can either
we can do a live stream or we can do a pre-recorded set where you just send it to me and then i go
live at a specific time and i play your video so we can do it either way super easy but the idea
is to knowledge share in the first month.
And once all the knowledge sharing happens in the first month,
during the second month,
I'm going to send everyone who wants to participate
a prompt that explains all of our projects.
Essentially, it explains the ZOW.
It explains ZOW festivals.
It explains the ball games.
It explains everything we've done so far in the space.
And the idea is you take that prompt.
It really is just an llms.text URL
that you're just pointing people to.
and I want to essentially tell everyone, you know, point to this URL and say to your AI,
you know, this is a project I want to get involved in.
Knowing me, where do you think I could make the most impact?
And the idea is that anyone can use any harness and do an open build during the month of July.
And out of all those people that do an open build,
we're going to have eight teammates from the Zao pick and choose a champion.
Essentially, each of those eight people is going to each pick eight coders to kind of team up with for the finals.
Essentially, being a 1v1 vibe coding battle where we can just get as much distribution to these builders as possible by creating a kind of streamers games energy.
There's a lot of streamers that are doing kind of like streamer games where they're doing like pointless stuff and bring that energy to vibe coding and building.
and actually like moving forward with your projects
that you were already going to be working on.
Sounds awesome.
Do you have some partners?
Because I know a guy that...
It's honestly all just me.
Oh man, why?
I believe that if we create a proper team,
we could scale it properly in terms of now.
Well, I'm not, but I'm not looking to scale it like that.
This is V0, right?
The idea is that I put up $500 that I won in a hackathon.
I'm using that as the prize money for the end of August and essentially I've seen so many people do
the hackathon thing wrong in my opinion and they always ask people to make random stuff for their
sponsors which isn't really aligned with what the person wants to do but they have to build because
that's the person sponsoring it so they have to use like Arbitrum or like Monad or something right
pointless which it doesn't align with what they want to do the second thing i've seen is it's not
a very um collaborative atmosphere in terms of actually distributing what the person's building
the idea is at the end you do a presentation and then this project repo is just like there
no one ever touches it other than the winner and no one ever really sees anything other than the
winner. I agree. Have you seen the approach that Eat Global is having right now regarding, okay,
if you have a repo and if you already built something, you could submit your project into
another vertical, you know, to continue to scale that project. So I believe that is quite necessary.
Can you send me any extra documentation you have on that? Because I haven't seen that
and I would love to take a look. Okay. Yeah, I would do it after this call,
but after this guy i'm going through diving so uh here let me shoot you a reminder so you have it
perfect let me shoot you a reminder so you have it in your dms yeah no worries but in the dms
could be properly and i will give you a list of everything and that's the thing i i have been
participating in many hackathons and organized hackathons um you know i just wanted to create
a hackathon in harvard a year ago regarding the stuff that you said that's awesome okay
i just talked with many research labs and many research labs have many verticals that they want
to tackle to mitigate certain situations in their scientific daily or particular projects that they
so it was quite funny because okay how can i fit this here okay so you are a researcher
you could share your project with someone that is quite fed up to build stuff in defy
into the next LLM or the next deck and share your insight.
You know, protocol, I really appreciate
what protocol labs have been done in the past
because protocol labs have been supported
many, many great ideas with a scientific,
with a good scientific background.
For example, IPFS was created by protocol labs in a way.
And it's insane, man.
I believe that we need to identify those kind of,
the hackathons needs to be more like direct in necessities of the participants.
For example, we just in RSI, we just create a science hackathon a year ago. And it was a good
experience, but we lack because many researchers do not have interest in this. They believe that
we're playing games. It doesn't matter that they know. And we know that there are many scientific
papers published in DSA
into blockchain
use cases and everything, but they
do not know
how can they apply stuff.
So I believe that bridging that gap
is quite necessary or
just only start building stuff.
You know, because everything
could be replicated, depends of
your niche of expertise as a researcher.
It could be in social sciences,
it could be in biological sciences,
it could be more in humanities.
No, I think it's
Yeah, it's super awesome.
You're going to buy everything.
So the idea for my hackathon more than anything is
we have seven to 10 projects within our community,
just like what we've built.
And everyone always asks me like,
what is this or what is that?
So this hackathon is all about distributing information
about what we've done already
and giving the opportunity for anyone to,
I have like 50 plus repos that are like,
some are partial ideas started.
Some are like, okay,
like this is drafted and technically works, but not scalable.
So the goal is to put all of those things in one bucket and tell people if
you're a builder and you don't know what to build or you don't know where you
want to build, here's a place where you can learn more and have a project to
work on.
I agree.
For example, that's my purpose to go on hackathons.
I have been participating in many global hackathons in Bangkok, in Mexico,
in Argentina, in the one that was in Monaco a year ago.
But you see many individuals usually,
I usually lurking, looking for talent in hackathons for that.
Because I know that many individuals or many hackers
usually are quite eager to build something
or an idea that they have in their mind
because they want bounties, you know,
or they could build only a useless application
you know for that event and one because that's the perspective after that it's gone you know
it's done you know so i comprehend the stuff that you said because you know you need to keep building
this the exact project or you need to plug in some other applications in the project and
scale the use case you know i have been exploring that particularly in coral conservation but
you know i think that it would be cool to share my experiences so far so yeah no that would be
amazing i think honestly just a hackathon conversation let's do a spaces let's just
talk about hackathons what are pros what are cons i think that would be an amazing first session
because they don't me understand what i need to do better for mine right and so the reason that i'm
doing it also mostly alone is i can do a lot in a very i do have teammates and stuff that are
helping me but like when you add other people it just slows everything down and i've done all of
this preparation in the last two weeks so it's literally just been like this is the only thing
i'm working on and when i need someone i message them and then i wait for them to do the thing and
while they're doing the thing i'm just continuing on the other thing i can knock out agree sounds
great man so let me know if you have a certain guideline or a certain there's honestly no
guideline other than i'm trying to keep them under under 30 minutes but if we do longer than 30
minutes we'll just split it up into two workshops so i would love to i mean it'd be great to do a
presentation of like five to ten minutes and then do a q a and have a conversation that's definitely
the style that i'm going for but we can do multiple we can do multiple so we can do exactly we can do
the first one what is mezzo reefed out like what tools do you guys use right yeah cool and then
we can do a second one where it's a hey this is the ball games we're having a conversation about
hackathons come up and say your pros and cons with hackathons and we'll just talk about it
that could be another very powerful one are you planning to create on the space of that because
a twitter space could work that's what i'm thinking for the second one for the first one i
i mean i do i'm gonna live stream it either way whether we're on a twitter space or just video
um i would love to have a video of you talking because i want to push that to the socials and
show that out but that's why i'm saying like multiple workshops would be great let's do the
first one we just jump on you do a 15 5 to 10 minute or 15 minute presentation and if anyone
has questions we we answer them then we'll post that we'll get that out to people so they can see
it and then during that we'll plan a time for a space and invite people to that that's kind of
what i'm thinking that's pretty cool that's pretty cool man sounds awesome as your how's the rest of
week look do you want me to schedule something in your calendar is that the best way to do it
by this week i will be pretty full because i'm organizing the the ocean week here in
costum it will be from five until eight so it could be after now it could be after eight probably nine
what day is today it could be in nine days let me know i will let you know if if why don't you just
let me know the date i have the calendar invite so you can actually just schedule it yourself i'll
send you that over right now so you have that in your in your calendar and you can just schedule
the date that works best for you okay sounds great and in terms of the i don't know if if
we could create only for mesuritao or we could invite other initiatives but as you said dude
the more the merrier the more the merrier okay it would be only me mesuritao you know sharing
some highlights our experiences and after that you know some q a's about looking for talent in
hackathons experiences and the things that you have seen in the past two projects that usually
got stuck i love it i think that's a yeah amazing i think that's a great plan i appreciate your
willingness to get involved your excitement i'm stoked to just connect with you i'm like very
excited about like this year is the year of creators yeah and for example in terms of the
um the dates i will let you know because if i'm available to record that before the date that i
just shared to you i believe i would be proper to have it earlier it could be around the sixth or
five perfect yeah if you if you haven't recorded we can do it at any time because then i'll just
press play and then i'll watch it basically is what it'll be but it would be more more useful
to be quite live stream or something like that or whatever you like it would be great but if we
can't i'm okay with the recording and we'll do the second space live okay sounds great
sounds awesome thank you for your time rodrigo bro i'm super excited thank you so much
and like for all you do bro i i love i love daoish people because it always everyone is so down on
Everyone tells me oh no you can't do it. I'm like yes, I can like I am doing it like that's the thing I'm doing it you're wrong
The ATB is basically a proto-DAO you know because we we do not have a proper yet, you know
Because there's there's no legal entity that can handle what I am
So I can't make my thing a real entity because the the government and laws aren't in place for what I want to build
right
entity actually owned by the by the people that are part of it right which isn't something that
can be created yet i don't come first for sure but that's why we just create that that enterprise
in prospera you know to to scale the sports properly but amazing well let me know how i
can be of help anytime i see an x post i try and share it but the group chats are so busy that
like i miss nobody if there's if there's anything ever you're like hey i want extra eyes on this
just dm it over to me i'll definitely share it out okay sounds great man awesome hey have a great
rest of your day in the water in probably 15 minutes so i don't know i need to figure it out
have fun send over some photos i would love to see some sorry i was saying send over some photos of
the snorkeling i would love to see some ah okay or not snorkeling diving no and as i told you before
i'm quite creating uh the house of my infancy i want to create a kind of collating there for the
battle definitely let me know also organization of that if there's something i can do to help out
with the organization of that i would love to be involved because that sounds awesome
if you need support on the marketing promo whatever just hit me up i'm around yeah that's awesome man
a pleasure actually i'll catch you soon yeah no no it's okay what were you gonna say sorry
no no no uh we we have a live round in artisan i don't want to show a little bit but we already
i actually have i think you might be in my project i'm not sure but i have a project
a curated project i mean we're we're at 10 000 out of 10 i still don't really understand how
artisan works to be honest with you but but whatever now it will be a call with renee because
it is uh it's going to be launched the b2 oh that's awesome so yeah essentially it will be
it will be quite insane i believe that it will be in two hours or so the release check check the dm
if you're in the artisan group i think that yeah i just put something i received an email yesterday
But I was like, okay, I think that I could be there or I could not be there. I need to check
I need to check the date actually
To figure it out if I could made it. Oh, it's not usually Rene records everything
Totally awesome. Well, I will catch you soon shoot me a message with timings and we'll go from there. Okay?
Yeah, that sounds great, man
Thank you Rodrigo. Have a good one
You're welcome. Have a good one too, man
Thank you. Cheers
I have a little trouble with that.
