Thank you.  [repeated 4x, trimmed]
I'm jumping on it.
Hey, Roddy, how's it going?
I'm not able to hear you, Rick.
Oh, test test.
Hold on one second.
uh
there's yes
test how's it going now still not able to hear you one second
how's that test test yeah yeah i gotcha so it went from my desktop camera to my laptop
yeah and connected to my earbuds that are in my bag a classic right
sorry about all that no don't worry us at all i'm glad we're we're finally sitting down and
chatting i want to get into it at some point with you about the summer concert series see how i could
get involved there um would love to find a way to add value um i moved to ellsworth a year and a
half ago uh work with musicians online doing digital marketing and stuff um and i'm just
really excited to bring my musicians to Ellsworth. The goal is to also stream it to our international
audience during that time. And yeah, October 3rd, kind of settled on that, kind of just
attacking all of my organizational duties that I need to do, getting up a website
and getting all my team on board. So I'm really excited to chat with you and yeah,
hopefully share some updates. Yeah. Yeah. No, that all sounds great. It's
um, uh, full transparency. It's like one of a dozen to do items on my to-do list. So, um,
it's, I'm in that fun space where you don't feel like you're giving an adequate enough time amount
of time to like any one thing that you have going on. You just like, yeah, juggle it all, right?
Yeah. And like, I can meet the minimum requirements, but I'm not knocking anything out of the park.
so um so yeah we um we're pretty much locked in for july 23rd kicking off the concert series
and um our last concert event is that october 1st which is that day um i have spoken to wallace
tent events and they're going to let us um obviously we can extend the the rental of the
tent in the stage through that weekend and instead of a friday pickup it'll just be a monday pickup
So that'll be, yeah, basically our hope is that you can just cover whatever the add-on
fee is for that.
I don't think it's going to be exorbitant.
Yeah.
I mean, if you have it for the whole summer, three extra days, it's probably not going
to be that much.
Yeah, exactly.
Exactly.
Yeah.
I don't have any problem at all with that.
I actually, I got some great news today.
I won a hackathon, got a thousand dollars for that and I'm putting that towards our first
thousand for the event.
So I'm really excited technically by myself, but raised the first thousand for the event.
Yeah, no, I would love to figure out whatever way we can lock that in.
I think it sounds great on our end.
I don't think there'd be any problems.
Okay, great.
Great.
Yeah.
So yeah, I will just, we'll put you on the calendar, the events calendar and just, you
know, consider it a done deal.
And that event is, is it a multi-day event?
Is it just-
The plan is just for the Saturday.
I would love to set up the night before if no one's doing anything and kind of do kind of with whoever I have, you know, a mic test, stage test, all that the night before would be great.
Especially, again, it's all dependent on it.
If someone comes in and wants to use the space, I understand that.
But any way we could get, the plan is to do during the day from around 12 to 6 p.m. the actual event.
So, you know, planning a little bit before that, the day before would be great if we could set up.
And yeah, I'm just, yeah, I'm pretty fluid, to be honest with you, with a lot of our plans.
You know, what way it works with you guys would be great.
I would love to, yeah, keep on being aligned.
I know you have a million things going at once.
I can do asynchronous through email because I know that's easier.
But I'm glad, like, we can sit down here and sort through any of those big picture things.
Yeah, so for your event, I would say give me whatever high-level description you have. I'll connect you with the city's communications director. And as the date gets closer, she can work on putting something out that'll appear on the city website as well, so we can help promote the event for you.
Awesome. Thank you. No, I'm super excited. So what I'm envisioning for us is we're going to be bringing about 10 musicians from outside of Maine here. I would love to, as the summer goes on, and I talk to more people around, get a couple musicians that are excited about the event from Maine to also pop in.
A lot of our acts are a lot more solo acts, not as much of the band.
But I think it could be a real good mix.
We do a lot in our community focused around digital creators and how to support the entrepreneurial side of being an artist.
so my plan is after uh our musicians specifically go they're also going to give a five to ten minute
talk about how they use some of this tools and workflows in this community specifically
to forward their career so it'll be a little bit of a that conversational piece as well
um i have two non-negotiables basically that are my two things that i want to have successful is
i want to have a an event that comes in under budget so that i can do it again next year
And then the second thing is I want to be able to stream it to our other audience, people that can't make it.
And for me, if I get those two non-negotiables and chatting with the Heart of Ellsworth, they're basically like, hey, if you guys have a successful event, we'll come in and help market and promote with the full event with the main craft fair weekend.
So for me, it's basically about coordinating my team and getting them on board with that plan and just whatever we can do from now until October is a plus.
But those two things are the must. Everything else is pretty low hanging fruit.
I'm pretty sure we exactly. No, we'll do that.
And I will confirm with our vendor that we will keep the tent through that weekend.
um now what is i know heart of ellsworth has their has an event as well is that it's the main craft
yeah it's the main craft fair weekend heart of heart of ellsworth yeah so i think it's part uh
them organizing but also part uh businesses that kind of just sign up i don't know too much of the
details because give me my first but we as zao stock are going to be a part of the uh art event
And they've said that over the last six years, they've not had a designated music event during that time.
So they were really excited. So we're really just focusing on on that side of it.
And we're I don't know too much of everything else happening during it, but it we've done our past events kind of always in conjunction with something bigger,
because we've found that that's always beneficial to A, bring our support to that event,
but then B, have other people just straggling from anywhere, right?
Very cool. No, that all sounds great. So yeah, that's pretty easy. I actually am
planning on seeing Heart of Ellsworth folks tomorrow. So I'll confirm with Kara that
we got you locked into the parklet for that Saturday, the third, correct?
Yep, the third.
Yep. And I'll just confirm with her so she knows that it's a plan and not just an idea.
Awesome. I love it. Yeah, no, I'm really excited. I've been just excited to get more involved here locally. So glad that we're doing this. Since last October or August, when the Heart of Ellsworth was mentioning they want to do a deeper summer downtown series, I was like, let's go. This is a perfect place for me to get involved.
So that's the other reason why I kind of actually planned October 3rd.
And I wasn't planning on doing a local event here until we started talking more about the summer series,
because the opportunity for me to just see the venue and how you guys are doing it,
iterate with you guys on thoughts of ways that we can improve it,
kind of have pictures and photos and videos for all of our potential sponsors throughout the summer.
I think it'll be a great opportunity.
So, yeah, if there's a way I can get involved on like planning, organizing, coordinating anything over there that, you know, is some things that you're like, hey, like this would be a nice to have.
But I don't know if we have the bandwidth to do this. Reach out to me. I would love to help out.
Okay. Yeah. The, um, yeah, it's, we're,
we're feeling a little bit behind the eight ball cause we got to, uh,
we haven't really started our fundraising in earnest. Um,
it's not like a huge amount we're looking to raise. Um, I mean,
it's less than $10,000. So I don't think it's a very big, big deal. Um,
but we are used to being like the, Oh yeah,
we probably should have gotten our request for sponsorship out like,
you know, a couple of weeks ago, but my first concert isn't until the end of
july so i'm you know i'm feeling the pressure but i'm not like oh that ship has already sailed
and we're yeah and i've chatted a bunch with steve i've gotten aligned with him i'm helping
him out with some of the digital marketing and stuff for his bands so i'm chatting with him
semi-regularly as well so if there's something that like both of us can knock out as action
item guys like yeah yeah just feel free to let me know yeah and that's you know if you're if
you're in contact with steve i would say whatever you guys can do together to promote amazing
the series is is is great perfect then when i have my next combo with him i'll tell him i chatted
with roddy and uh you know i'm i'm a resource to come and help out yeah that's perfect um so yeah
like i said july 23rd is the first the first event and i think that's gonna like we're in really good
shape to to kick it off in a big way we have mal brothers band um is who we got for that first
first concert so i think that's going to be a huge crowd um they're currently in sweden on a european
core so it's not often you get to say we got this band right so um so we're pretty excited about that
and then um you know there was some concern you know there was some grumblings like oh the the
acts you got are the same people who play at black mode it's like yeah well black women's booked
packed solid every time these people are here so that's not a bad thing yeah and then we also i
think it's it's cool there are a couple of um there are a couple of names in there that haven't played
the local venues before and um there's a contra dance coming up towards the end of it as well so
i think i think there's some some good opportunity there and it's there's a lot of it's a pretty
eclectic mix of music that we have going on so it's gonna be something for everybody throughout
the summer yeah very mainish yeah yeah and we do have um we do have our autumn gold weekend
yes i heard about that last year i didn't get a chance to attend but um but yeah again i'm uh
just yeah local resident want to get more involved so we we currently like last year we put
over the friday and saturday of autumn gold um i believe we had five or six bands play
because it was through the day and into the evening and as of right now i don't think we've
locked anybody in for that weekend the concert series is just focusing on the thursday yeah
recurrence so um you know if you have any contacts in the industry um and people who might be
be interested in coming in and just doing you know just a single set just as part of a larger
offering um you know we would love to get some people in there yeah i love it and what weekend
is that again that is um it's always the last weekend in september so i think it's like the 20
oh it's a week before our event basically yeah okay perfect yeah no i mean honestly that might
work great because i might be able to be like hey come up a week early yeah uh so yeah no we as we
get closer. Again, I'm really good by email. So if I see an email on my notifications, I'll usually
respond to it pretty quick. So if there's anything, if you're like, hey, we're still looking for
people in Autumn Gold, I can just feel free to reach out and we can lock something in.
That sounds great. That was great.
Amazing. Yeah. I don't think I have too many questions. That answers a lot of my
side. Yeah. If you could let me know if and when Wallace confirms that, I'll lock it off on
my end and it will be good to rock and roll awesome cool um i would love it if uh maybe in a
month or so we could reconnect um yeah i know um we're gonna like i said we're gonna shift gears
here um next week all of our seasonal assets our recreational assets are all open for the year
so a lot will be taken off on my plate and i can just maintain um so i'm hoping early may
to have a check-in with all the people involved in the concert series and I'll definitely
definitely include you in the call so awesome well thank you so much for your time Roddy I
appreciate it yeah yeah thank you very much and excited to work together awesome awesome have a
going cheers see ya
