Thank you.
Good afternoon, happy Saturday, welcome to the Community Communities Web3 Space.
Tonight is all about the Zao.
We will be speaking with Zal, aka Better Call Zal, the legend himself about Zal stock, about
Zao festivals and about Zaoville as well so super excited for that cannot wait it's going to be a
legendary space we'll dive into it in just a moment of course we'll get everyone in everyone
on the stage that needs to be there the team on the stage the community and let's go how's it going
from P2P uh one of the awesome performances of Zaoville we'll just listen to a little bit of their music we'll get some people up here
five out sharing out we'll get paid for a profit up here um I know DQ might be a little bit late but
This is P2P, it's gonna be coming from their upcoming album, but they performed it at Sal, so hope you guys enjoy.
Really not that hard to see, E2P that's who we be
Tell these people bounce when we come vibe with us
Ain't no pair alive, whoever we miss live in some
Youngs, never see two like they've been me
Murdering mp3s, killing off all these NPCs
And these boys, we chasing dreams
Paramounts from out the slums, singing out those shit over drums
It's the same for sure, this what we love
All my brothers on goal, we blow shit up
Squad on the next, come fuck with us
Grab your glass and hold it up
Right out, got them hold it up
The profit, who they trust
They say pay bull, they love
Still need funds to feed the runs
We ain't never foldin' up
Not until we holdin' up
We put money inside the hands of all our fans
Make sure no one's holdin' us
They'll full steam on air
No more doubts or slowin' up
Ain't no hopes of growin' up
Just blowin' up
Steppin' up on stages where our names are glowin' up
And they all know it's us
Party lit, you already know who started it We the hardest, it's really not that hard to see
B2B, that's who we be Tell these people, bounce with me, come vibe with us
Ain't no parallel, who ever been this loving since
Hands up, hands up, hands up Get them up, hands up, hands up, hands up
Hands up, hands up, hands up Rock with us, hands up, hands up
When the hook come back, we all going up
If the party lit, you already know who done started it
We the hardest, it's really not that hard to see
B2B, that's who we be
Tell these people, bounce with me, come vibe with us
Ain't a player alive, whoever been as live as us
um
you might just ask you so i'll lift your miles away from your microphone i hear the song
well but i just can't hear you that well
yeah i think it is i mean it's a good microphone though because it is picking you up so i'm
definitely impressed with it but uh let's go but the song was a banger definitely had that clear
but yeah how we doing that z happy saturday sir we good bro happy saturday everyone you
sold my code yeah i did i know yeah i was talking to z earlier and i was like um oh yeah i better
calls all before the space says oh yeah better calls out yeah yeah that's a good one absolutely
so how's all chucking a music mode i think he's on pc i think i'm pc is that right how are you
doing the music emotes is it because you're on pc yeah it's on the pc i don't know is that any
better it's still pretty far away no it's much better okay yeah i just angled it at me it's
It's still pretty far away from my chase, to be honest with you.
I can't change the microphone to the one that's on my head.
But, yeah.
I hope you guys enjoyed that.
They're vibing out.
Yeah, it's Facestation Z.
It's an app that I'm using on my computer.
Oh, you guys.
I've got to upload some of these videos.
I actually got a bunch of stuff from me and Trey.
And our trip.
and i uh i haven't uh i haven't posted any of those yeah get in sent to me let me make a little
mini documentary of your trip that was wicked i actually already did that so i'm pretty sure
oh let's go i'll have to have a look on the i'll have to have a look on the drive i see
trays in the building already first one in the space so happy saturday hope you're good sir
appreciate you my friend
hope all is well
Zalville trip.
There's the Orioles game and Zalville.
So here, I'm sharing this to you.
And you can take a look at that Orioles trip.
And that's a lot of me and Trey chopping it up.
Welcome in, Graham.
Let's go.
Happy Saturday, Graham.
Hope you're good, sir.
Thank you for joining us once again.
Appreciate you, sir.
We're having a good weekend thus far.
Had nice weather down here today.
I don't know what it was like where you were,
but it was really nice today.
Has been for the past couple of days.
I took you on a hell of a mission earlier, didn't I, Rev?
Through sewers, through abandoned train tracks, everything.
I don't think you'd have enjoyed that walk in real life forever. I think you'd have been
knackered by the end of it. I was. I had a bad head.
Sorry about that. A call came through and can you hear me now?
let's go sorry yeah um you did take me on a on a super adventure today that was wicked
and uh but yeah definitely glad i didn't have to do the same walk you did i just got to
to watch it instead but yeah apologies i had a had a call come through
nice
We're going to be having him up for Zavostok.
And this is going to be a blast out of Lyon and Dan out.
This is going to be one of his songs called Hands Up High.
And he performed it for us at Downstock.
So hope you enjoy.
I'm stepping off the reds on some straight savage shit
Face painted, hand braided, can you even fathom it?
I'm here to take the world on a native boxing moron
A peaceful minded warrior until I hear that war drum
With a hand upon my quiver, and the other on my bed
Like the native Robin Hood and I show Neat Lions Den
And when I let my arrow slide with all my lies and all my rods
They always hit and I never miss and got demised every fucking time
Cause the rest can be so wicked like survival of the fittest
I'm like lions in the jungle, you're afraid to even visit
I'm a beast from the east and it's my time to freestyle
Hit this rap game with my rhymes on repeat
Gotta get off my ass and get me a plate
Got the dinner reservation even when I'm done and late
So hands up high and feel that bass ignite
Let the rhythm do a night And the music just guide you and I for the night
So let it ride with this on I go goodbye
So hands up, aye-aye-aye-aye Feel that bass ignite, aye-aye-aye
Let the rhythm do light And the music just guide you and I for the night
So let it ride, yeah So let it ride, yeah
I'm riding on the wind that comes out of south end
Poor pain and bone pain and now the showdown can begin
Just reverse myself, the dreamer versus self-doubt
The one who says we got this verse, the one still trapped in there
Looking in the mirror, it's so hard to find a reason
The poet and the critic battle like a Samageddon
There really isn't anywhere you could ever take it
That I haven't been I ever said
One thought can crush my spirit, now I climb to my feet
Wipe the dirt off of me and as long as I dream I will always be free
Cause I straked and I dug through the mud and the blood
Through the hate and the judge still I rose to my toes
Then I rolled through my walls, my lowest of my lows
Cause to show every low comes with growth to the soul
We're stronger than we know, with a little self-belief
Just watch how you grow, so hands up high and feel that basic ignite
Let the rhythm unite and the music just guide you and I for the night
So let it ride with this on our dog I bite
So ends up high and feel that bass ignite
Let the rhythm unite and the music just guide you and I for the night
So let it ride
So let it ride
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Blaze up high and feel that bass ignite
Let the rhythm unite and the man's up high and feel that bass ignite
Let the rhythm unite and the man's up high and feel that bass ignite
Let the rhythm unite and the music guides
But neither do nights, then neither do nights, then neither do nights
Hands up high and feel that bass ignite
Let the rhythm unite and the music just guide you and I but the night's all it ain't right
With this song I don't know about vibe
Yeah
Now I'm trying everyday
Fighting all my insecurities
And I'm trying to keep
All my fucking demons at bay, cause I got these on the base
I'm feelin' like the devil made, level space, several gains
Turn it to the humble gains, stomach pains, Nova pain
Numb the pain, dopamine, calm my brain so I can make my way
Through the day instead of breath that I lay so fuck the lane
Nothing changed, can't be flame, breaking taste, spitting flames
My writing games, pure cocaine
And it's got them all so up that they can't stop using my name
So hands up high, I ain't feel that bass tonight
Let the rhythm you lie, higher than the music just got you and I for the night
So let it ride
let's go that was good so can i can i request before the ends of the night you play so teller
i like that track yeah for sure we can uh get into it because uh that part of the story um we
can definitely share more about that i'll get closer to my mic here as well let me just reconnect
and uh here actually i'm curious if i can just change it from here
let's go that was a wicked song oh hello yeah it is that's well better I didn't find it okay so
yeah we get up with plays out for sure yeah I fell in love for that song when he played it for the
first time I was like yeah I really vibe but yeah it's a banger it is a banger of a song I'm looking
forward to tonight looking forward to talking more about um zow stock and the zow festivals
and then we've got a few exciting things to say and uh maybe we can drop a little bit of alpha
about um the zow and the coc are doing a really big space next week which we're super excited about
we won't say any names until um we make the post i'll probably make the post tonight with the space
link but i know that quan is going to know exactly who it is um because it may be um one of if not
the biggest web 3 metaverse in the world and that's all i'll say so super excited about that
um and we'll tap into that a little bit more later on but yeah smashing them songs is all the quality
yeah i know this was uh lion's den it was phenomenal and it was really cool to
chat with them see him from uh zalville see him perform with them um have him you know
good for him for coming up to maine so yeah very excited very excited well we can just get started
and start just sharing about the the beginning of zao stock let me get a couple pictures and
videos up here um ready that we can uh share out uh we get candy up on stage and you can uh you
know get us started about like i don't know maybe what you've seen we can start with uh zao palooza
i have a bunch of photos from gabriel um and that i'm gonna post in the comments down below
um and i'm excited to share some of those so i'm gonna go take a look grab a couple of those
share some of my favorites and then uh and then yeah while you guys are chopping it up and chatting
we can uh then get to start as out festivals and then uh and then where we're going let's go sounds
like a plan um yeah you smash that and then uh we will uh we'll dive into that that's awesome but i
Do you see Candy is on the stage? Happy Saturday. Good to see you again. How are you doing today, Candy? You okay?
I'm better now. I'm good. So much shit going on. Sorry. But yeah, so much going on.
And for some reason, the Wi-Fi or the internet is not cooperating, which just always adds frustration to it.
But anyways, yeah, a lot going on. Planning the 10th birthday party. My 14-year-old daughter, they have their friends that are boys over.
So anyways, just so many different things going on all at one time. Yeah, but it's, you know, it's a party. So just here to vibe out. And yeah, happy to be here.
I'm glad that X has let me in the room now or on the app now.
Yeah.
I don't know what's been going on.
There's been a lot of issues across the board,
especially with the Wi-Fi stuff.
It's been the same here.
We've all been having a lot of trouble with it,
with the connection in general with some of the apps as well.
I think there's been a lot of updates, a lot of changes.
I think there's been a lot of updates.
Yeah, I agree.
but I also feel like there's a lot of activity just in general.
I don't know recently if you guys have gotten emails,
but Metabase, which is like analytics,
also like storage, I'm kind of assuming.
I don't know exactly, but they do like quick nodes,
a lot of other APIs and things that like we use um and they they had a big data breach so
I'm getting like a bunch of emails and whatever and I'm like I feel like there's just so much
activity going on on the on chain and online right now that like everything's just running hot
and like just things are just I don't know hopefully it's all good stuff you know it's
all good movement but i know there's a lot of movement so anyways um that's my my vibe of the
ether right now yeah no i think you're absolutely right i've not seen the emails but i have said i
have heard some stuff um on a few apps about some of the things that have been going on which has
been a bit of a nightmare but yeah i think it is a combination of things i think you're all right
Yeah, I mean, that's just like the one that's recently like in my inbox.
I know there's tons of other stuff going on, too.
But yeah, but no, that's why we got music and we got great people and we just like keep going.
Keep putting fires out.
I told the crew yesterday, if somebody gives you a glass of water and they say, or a glass,
they say is it half empty or is it half full I said you drink it and you say I'm a problem solver
and um I feel like that I've just been like doing that and fighting fires so you know that's good
whatever whatever's gonna be done but yeah happy to be here um yeah let's go
yeah that's it we're gonna have to start getting some firefighter costumes i think
to uh to better resemble and putting out all these fires but uh no it is challenging when
you've got those issues but we we push on we figure it out we uh we keep trying our best to uh
persevere through it and uh we always do so well played on that front i was just thinking of the uh
planning a birthday party as well congratulations and happy birthday to the 14 year old but
yeah i'm sure you'll get to appreciate after it's all done um right before you realize you've then
got to clean up all of that somehow and uh yeah that'll be the rest of your week trying to
put everything back to where it were before uh the uh the celebration started i'm sure
yeah no the best thing about kids birthdays um are the pictures because there's so many colors
and like their faces are like just organic.
Like you can't, you know, they're not faking anything.
And there's usually lots of action,
but like the bright colors,
if you're lucky to like have a cool party,
you know, like that's always beautiful pictures.
So I love, it's a big mess,
but the pictures, if you remember to take them
are always very cool to look at afterwards.
Especially when you go all out with the decorations,
like we can't help but do it.
yeah it's funny actually because uh um i don't know if you use tiktok much but it usually gives
you like every day it'll give you like videos from the past and there was a video of when i
went on a day out with my kids to uh i can't remember which zoo it might have been chester zoo
um quite a popular zoo in the uk um well at least in england anywhere and um that was in 2023 and
obviously all my kids although it's only a few years ago they all look tiny and it was just mad
to think i remember that day like it was yesterday as they're there so it's just so bizarre to kind
of see how uh how how much younger they looked and how many less gray hairs i had um back then so uh
yeah um time flies and these birthdays come around quick but uh yeah it seems like there's been a few
issues on the stage as well so just trying to rectify that I saw um Z was having some uh
issues with the microphone I've just gone to remove him from the stage um and accidentally
removed him from the space so hopefully I can get him back in but it wasn't intentional but yeah so
apologies if anyone can't get on stage who wants to just uh request a microphone because that seems
to be the issue is when you're inviting people to the stage or as co-host the notification
or the pop-up isn't coming up.
So, yeah, I've accidentally just removed one of the team from the space.
So, my bad. I'll try and fix that.
But anyone that isn't on the stage that wants to come on,
please definitely request them because that seems to work
and we'll get you up.
But, yeah, Zolli's back in the building. Are we all right, Zolli?
Yeah, what's good? What's good?
I hope everyone's doing wonderful.
I see Paper Hand popped in.
Paper Hand is one of the artists on P2P,
that first song that we played um and and i see philens in the building as well so shout out to
both of them um if you want to invite paper hand up uh feel free we'll be talking a little bit
about zaville but in the comments i can't seem to pin it up for some reason but in the comments
i just made a post about the uh the first event i posted four photos that gabe had taken um with
with some with Hurricane, some with Jaden, Maxwell, Max Pretends as well. So there's a lot more photos,
but I realized they weren't downloaded and now I have to download them from the cloud. So
I'm going to do those four photos. I'm going to go, go through some of my, my Zao stock,
sorry, my Zaocella photos as well. And as I post those, we'll, we'll probably play that song that,
that was requested by Z who's no longer here anyways.
But I see paper popped up as well.
So let's shift a little bit towards chatting
about our most recent event, Zalville here.
And I would love for paper to share a little bit
about what P2P did in the production
and maybe the gallery in the comments
for people to check out some of the photos.
But I see Candy has her hand up.
So maybe we'll kick it over to her first.
um just real quick yesterday we had a problem where you couldn't hear the host
so um just maybe whenever thai talks you know maybe thumbs up if listeners can hear the host
because yesterday we had that problem in the space so just to double check that
thank you yeah i appreciate that yeah if you um if you can't well supposedly won't be able to
hear me say that i don't know why i was about to repeat that but yeah yeah thank you i appreciate
that thank you yeah so if you're a listener and you can okay kwan says you can hear the host
okay cool thank you just checking
let's go thank you kanda i appreciate that but yeah hopefully they fixed the issues it's been
there's been loads lately but um hopefully they are uh getting to a place where the uh the space
is flowing are smooth but uh yeah fingers crossed that that's the case but thank you candy i
appreciate that and we've got z back in the building z i apologize for kicking you out of
the space i was definitely not intentional um is the microphone working as well yeah the co-host
doesn't but it's all good yeah i couldn't i couldn't get back in either when you've been
kicked from the space it's all over i don't even know how i got it back in i clicked that link and
it just let me oh let's go yeah well i thought if i send it to your dms it might let you come back
I was going to check the settings, but at least we know that works for the future,
because that's not the first time I've accidentally done that.
Who did you kick off before, Ralph?
Oh, yeah, it may or may not have been the president of France.
Yeah, it couldn't have been any bigger of a mistake, to be fair.
It was like a really big space, like, you know,
they were working on something in Web3,
and we had the privilege of speaking to them about it,
and then I accidentally made sure that didn't happen,
and it wasn't on purpose.
so uh yeah i had to send a dm and go look i'm really sorry that was not on purpose but uh yeah
it's because some you didn't come back no they didn't that was it chance ruined that was it
it was over but uh we live and learn i suppose but yeah i was gutted i was gutted because that's
like you said once you've kicked someone there's no feature that says like you know like reverse
it or or remove it or whatever but yeah i'm glad you was able to get back anyway because sometimes
next to someone's name there's like a little orange dot and usually that's when they've tried
to drop down from speaker and request back up i've kind of got to remove you as speaker and then
invite you back but i accidentally remove it from the space but yeah those buttons need to be the
further apart or a different color or something or you should i should ask you if you're sure really
that's that's the point but i don't want to add to elon's uh schedule because it looks like
there's already a lot going on so maybe we'll drop that in a little later down the line
But we've got Quan on the stage, the legend himself, the quantum quill, the man that is in multiple dimensions and everywhere and nowhere all at the same time.
The legend himself that makes music that no one else can replicate and content that I can't believe I never saw sooner because it's absolutely epic and is an ultra veteran when it comes to content creation, music creation and everything in between.
And he is a metaverse, multitude, mandem.
So let's go.
Quan, how are we doing, sir?
Welcome to the stage.
That's probably the fucking best introduction I've ever received in my fucking life, bro.
Oh, my God.
I'm glad this space is recorded.
That's the mandate for everybody who ever introduces me.
You are such a fucking legend.
I love you, bro.
Thank you so much.
It's good to be here.
Good to see everybody.
Excited to learn more about Zalchella, Zalfest, and things like that.
Just wanted to come up and show some love.
You know, we're chilling.
I'm grabbing a bite to eat.
Just finished making some content.
And yeah, man, we're thriving and surviving, bro.
So I hope everybody's doing good.
And bro, you're just such an asshole, dude.
Why you got to kick the guy off the stage and then like boot him from the space, man?
Come on, bro.
Like we talked about this, man.
Like you got to be nicer.
If you want people to join the COC community, you got to be a lot nicer.
You can't just be throwing people.
You just need this guy.
You grabbed him by his trousers.
he grabbed him by his shirt
and he just
heated him off the stage man
so we gotta work on it
I'm so glad
it's recorded as well we've gotta clip that
and just post that with no context
legend
yeah at least
people know if you have been removed from the space
there's a 99.9% chance it's just
my mistake so
yeah I can't even say oh that wasn't me
no no it was definitely you it's always you
but no thank you uh kwan i appreciate you being here and uh yeah he didn't give the intro did he
so i was like well if you're not going to introduce kwan the way he should be introduced
then you just can't be on the stage i'm afraid thanks dude no much love bro glad to be here
let's get it bro let's go a nice one bro thank you appreciate you being here definitely
but uh we've got flenz on the stage as well um yeah good to see you flenz happy saturday sir
hope you are good good to see you here my friend how are we doing uh doing great uh yeah that was
epic and kwan uh major roses because that fits 100 my friend thy and yeah i'm definitely here
to support zol and the the whole zow call it you know journey so and i'm looking forward to talking
about zao stock that's what's up for me so and supporting let's go i appreciate you both well
thank you for being here most definitely it's good to see you um there you go i was just gonna
say hopefully we get to hear you strum that guitar at least one time uh but uh yeah you'll have to
play some of it for as letters if you can i was gonna say if your setup was ready for it but like
your setup is not ready to absolutely annihilate people's earlobes, if that's even a feature
of your body. I'm not quite sure. It sounds right, so I'm just going to roll with it.
Absolutely, man. No, have phone, we'll carry, but, you know, I still have not actually tried
out using, and I'm still paying monthly for the cool audio app. I'm forgetting even what it's
Anyway, but I could try and set that up in the background.
Exactly, yeah.
So I got to figure out how to use that with the full effects chain
because that would be cool.
So maybe I'll middle with that in the meantime.
Let me know if you need any help or Quan too.
I was just going to say, yeah, we can totally help you out with that, bro.
100%.
Let's do a sound check sometime for sure.
All right.
I spent a little bit of time.
I got pinned up to the top the three previous Zao festivals. So we got the first one,
Zao Palooza, phenomenally appreciative of like six people coming together to help support me
in six weeks, making an event that cost zero dollars out of pocket from the community,
bringing together people in New York for 12 performances, six from non-web three individuals
and six from on-chain musicians.
So that was a lot of fun.
Really cool.
Then we iterated that into six months of planning
for Zao festivals in Miami for Zao Chella,
which was a lot of fun.
There's a few photos there.
There's a lot more content that needs to be shared from that
that I have videos from that I'm kind of working on right now
a little bit of sharing more.
But that was an absolute blast,
a phenomenal opportunity to get the Zao brand and name out there.
And then in 2025, we took a big focus on Wave Wars as a whole as a brand.
And then here in 2026, a couple of weeks ago, we had a phenomenal event.
And I don't know why the photos aren't showing.
The photo isn't showing up here.
Oh, I see.
Let me let me pin up this post instead.
But I don't know if you want to kick it over to some of the other folks up on stage.
Jesse Paper made his way up on stage, and I see that the P2P account is in here as well,
and Profit was in here for a second.
So I hope Deku pulls up here shortly as well.
But Paper actually popped in the gallery, so you guys can check out all the photos from the artist
and some of the other parts of the event.
Just kind of find your own and share them in the comments here,
and that could kind of be a fun thing while we're talking about this event.
But I appreciate everyone for popping in through here.
And I'm excited to talk more about Zao Stock, Zaoville earlier this year.
And I just want to mention that we, A, in this last week,
have secured a couple more Zao Stock individuals.
Like I had mentioned that Lion's Den is going to be coming out.
But one big musician, awesome musician,
that has been actually a part of the whole planning alongside
alongside and kind of helping support me on the organizational hand and is going to be coming down to perform is going to be Philens as well.
So we're really excited to have him up here in Maine.
It's going to be an absolute blast.
So I'm super excited for Zoustock coming up here in October.
You can check out the website at Zoustock.com.
But yeah, I'm excited to chat more with P2P.
uh p2p came through and captured the whole event from beginning to end for with disposable cameras
some drones a bunch of different uh additional cameras and videos to take care of the performances
and uh created that gallery that uh you can see down in the comments um and it's going to be
coming out to to zao stock also to to help support creating some of that content as well so
i'm super excited uh we're gonna have a blast just kind of working on these different things but
paper do you want to share a little bit more about uh what you guys have built maybe a few
words about p2p and then your experience um through uh zauville yeah uh sorry uh the android
has been kind of wild experience on on twitter but um yeah p2p is actually profit and i's um
album our project and that's um i think i think you guys played some music uh from that album
a little bit earlier um bomb squad is technically our media company that we came out and did and
shot everything in um and it was a blast i'm not gonna lie uh we built a there's a website you can
check out the gallery is down there but we built a whole website out there so um you can kind of
see a little more about what bomb squad is and kind of what we represent um i'm still kind of
you know parsing through a bunch of stuff but um yeah p2p is essentially a peer-to-peer based
uh it's a it's a p2p album it's a peer-to-peer album we're talking about
you know why what the importance is of kind of the anti you know government take not necessarily
the government, but just anti-platform kind of take, we really believe in, and you kind
of building out the solutions that you need.
So that's kind of a little bit, that's kind of the reason why me and Profit started it
in the first place.
So whenever Coop and Zal hit us up to come out, I mean, it was a no-brainer.
I love everything that Zal has been building.
me and him had kind of extensive conversations over the past few weeks just about the scope
and when he mentions Alstock it was you know we're like all right we're gonna have to find a way to
come out there too and shoot all the content you know just so the artists come showing up and
anybody else who's kind of building their own brand that's showing up has access to real content you
You know, I think that's been one of the main setbacks in anything that is Web3 is that there's, you know, there's never a lack of activations.
Sometimes there is, especially in the earlier days, a few years ago.
But there is always a lack in kind of the historical documentation of that, the content from that.
Right. So, you know, we've we've really leveled up over the past few years.
And that's been one of our main focuses is helping the artists kind of bring their own brand to the platform.
You know what I mean?
To any platform or their own platform that they're building.
So, yeah, I'm in Yapsterville right now.
But, yeah, that's a little bit.
I got a song because since we got some more folks in here, this is one of the ones that I just really enjoyed listening and watching.
So this one's called Lookout.
you can talk and reach out to P2P either PayPal or Profit and get potentially the Untitled link
I don't know you guys are just sending that based on people messaging you right I think that's a
really cool unique way of sharing an album before you're actually going to share the whole thing out
as well so if you want to share a little bit about that after the song I'd love to to dive in there
but this is gonna be from Untitled called Lookout from the P2P album coming out soon
Look out, look out, another white boy at the cookout, cookout, hold up, hold up, keep
you rapping colder than a motherfucker, you ain't even know that's another cover, brother.
Look out, look out, never wait, boy, have to cook out, cook out
Hold up, hold up, keep you rappin' colder than a motherfucker
You ain't even know that's an undercover brother
No way, I probably about to function in an F-O-50
I whip that hoe around like a six-speed
Tank so big it don't never go empty
My pocket's gettin' fat, dog, I been had plenty
L-O in my head, you would think that guy to sent me
But one's on the two, if a hater wanna tempt me
Your mama say that white boy keep comin' round, think he gettin' too friendly
And when I started rapping, watch the fam unfriend me Like who you tryna be, bitch me, stay free or they judge me
But I ain't never had no doubts if I love this Catch me at the party, I be spitting out in public
Dancing around the store with my kids, kicking bars in the publics I got in so sick, I make the crowd feel disgusting
I came a long way, dawg, I started this with nothing So I don't give a fuck when I hear they discussing
I always knew my shade be a part of the discussion But I won't let a single soul live and try pretend like I don't dust it
Look out, never wait boy at the cookout, cookout
Hold up, hold up, he be reppin' colder than a motherfucker
You ain't even know that's another cover brother
Look out, it's another ambiguous and my patience is tenuous
I hate you insinuating my effing ain't tenuant
Look, you can see I'm bringin' drinks and the plates
And the rest of the fix is from the car
Cowboy but a pork belly from the hog
Came from the slaughterhouse, they choppin' in the dog
Drop the bitchin' oil, I see how that lit a spark
If you picking up the recipe we putting down we on
Call them in that, they're realizing the name
Cause if I light it then it's gonna catch flame
And if that happens, ain't no need to waste propane
Nobody, nobody need to call Hank
Yo, mami told me come tell you that she needed help with the baked goods
After that we eat, then get baked good
Draw some quick gains, she relate to it
But a real nigga stay getting straight to it
Yes, sir
It's paper
yeah that's that's lookout uh i did post the link um profit is is our resident he's the resident
security advisor of bomb squad mp2p so if i if i had to consult him first without you know
suspicion of me getting my ass whooped but um i did post the uh the untitled link down in the chat
if y'all want to give it an early listen because there's still a few songs on there that's not
present um because we just we getting everything the final touches but yeah we finna drop the album
in the next couple months so um it's definitely something to be on the lookout for you know
i'm saying i love it now it was an absolute blast to watch you guys perform listen in dive up but uh
i see we got decoup here um as well i'm gonna actually kick over the the next like a little
bit as well over to him to just share from his experience being you know part of uh zao chela
in 2024 as a musician coming in just kind of from my perspective like we had a person on the event
coordination team that was like this awesome musician he's going to be there i called him he
sent me all the information real quick and i was like this is an awesome dope dude and and you know
lo and behold he actually showed up before all of the artists at the zhao house because you know
you know how that goes and and helped uh with the prep you know asked immediately you know what he
could do to help out and uh that's like one of the first things we really appreciate of individuals
of the zao so um as soon as he said that he was kind of organizing his third annual um event um i
definitely wanted to find a way for for us to come in and support from the zao from all the resources
we had built up from the attention and awareness from that and the connection that we had made from
zao chela so um i do have to go get some groceries so i'm going to switch over to the the phone in
the car and then um z i know you asked for the zao chela songs we'll definitely be playing that near
and close to the end but uh but yeah we'll be talking a little bit zauville and then you know
in the last half of the space talk zau stock all the fun partnerships we got kind of involved and
i'm probably going to actually post them here in the in the chat so we can really try and share it
out and uh and then hopefully update the website and stuff because i've been a little bit lacking
on some of the some of the zau stock updates so excited to share with all the awesome homies here
and everyone here to ask any questions and yeah vibe out but uh but decoup uh planned and organized
an awesome event it was an absolute pleasure to drive down there with trey we had a blast we
watched a an mlb game was my first uh orioles game i think that's my 10th stadium maybe uh 10th or
9th mlb stadium so that was an absolute blast uh going down there so check check off one of the
things on the bucket list uh enjoy a phenomenal bunch of performances as well but uh yeah i'm a
be uh i'll be back i'll be listening and back and vibing out but uh yeah i'm gonna kick it over to
to the rest of the squad here for the for the next little bit let's go a nice one bro yeah just
before we do get decoupon which thank you for being i do see kwan's hands up i don't know if
that was from earlier or whether it's a glitch so uh kwan is there anything you wanted to just
jump in there real quick yeah yeah yeah real quick uh first of all shout out paper hand and uh
profits man good to good to hear from you bro uh fucking freestyle fridays back in the day
um pop it pop it bro um glad to see that you guys continue like working on that but i did have a
question about it it's so p2p um it sounds you know from what i picked up i was kind of here and
there but um it's a music sharing and like kind of provenance platform uh but is it is it like a
collaborative platform too uh can artists go on there and like i'm sorry if you mentioned this
before my bad but can artists go on there and like you know request to like collaborate with people
and like is there some sort of like like um like two-player aspect like you know what i'm saying
like cooperative building or cooperative like song creation aspect to it okay so no p2p is the
name of the of the album itself um uh i'm pretty anti um platform right so i probably i have thought
about in the past i've actually had one of my one of the oc people ask me about it too um but i'm
i'm more focused and more interested on building individual projects with artists themselves and i
and building a platform, right?
So one of the things about OC, Outsider Collective, from years ago is that everything that we put on the chain
was individually coded and built, right?
We had such a problem introducing that to other platforms.
It's like, you know, because it was custom coded, everything, even down to the tree itself, like we had issues
because everybody wanted you to have kind of a plug and play situation happening.
So, no, to answer your question super directly, P2P is just the album.
Bomb Squad is our site.
And anything I do with artists, you know, whether it's, you know,
a full stack dev kind of project on, you know, with on contracts for their stuff,
everything is individually built.
So it's I don't plan on ever doing a platform, mostly because I'm I'm heavy anti platform, because I think the whole premise is not even just what I think, but the whole point in the premise of Web3 and everything that everybody does here is about providence.
Right. And ownership. Right. So I think that the moment you start to put your stuff on a platform, it starts to kind of direct that energy away from.
your own providence and a lot of people kind of get that misconstrued, especially a lot
of people who are building those platforms.
So, but no, yeah, I've been, I've been pretty, that's been my heavy stance, you know, and
yeah, me and probably been talking about that.
I keep getting asked about to start Freestyle Fridays again.
It's funny because I've been playing with the idea of probably going to do some actual
streaming video streaming on that from on a different you know platform but um
we'll see man we'll see it's good it's good to see you again car for real
hell yeah bro for sure same to you dog appreciate you answering that my question gang for sure
uh i'm definitely gonna check out p2p bro that sounds uh sounds fire sounds like a fire album
uh can't wait to can't wait to listen to it i'll see you posted it up down there in the comments
um and i and i agree bro i agree um as far as platforms go yeah there are we've always known
this with you know any platform that we sign up with is going to have the terms and conditions
that states in there that we basically own your we own your ip we own your posts
everything right um and so i i think it's a refreshing approach uh to you know specifically
help individual artists with their own kind of branding and stuff that's sort of what i do as
well bro uh i've you know i create content engines uh created content engines for myself uh different
projects that i've been like include like involved with um and it's i mean efficiency is key bro and
owning your ip and owning your brand and and creating that provenance for everything that you
do is is what's gonna uh sustain artists inevitably in the future especially on uh on the blockchain
So hell yeah, bro. Great to hear from you too, man. Let's connect. Love to see what else you got going on, bro. And see if there's anything that I can offer as far as just leveling up and any knowledge or anything like that, bro.
Yeah, I think we need to have a nice three-person conversation about wave wars, on-chain musicians as a whole, and some of these fun conversations that have been had. So it was a blast talking to Paper and Profit and everyone else there about just like some of the things we've been building that we've been learning on how to explain some of this quote-unquote Web3 stuff that we've been working on where you're focused on Providence in a more unique way.
So excited to bring Wave Wars to Maine here, Zoustok and more.
But it's always cool seeing me coming in in 2023 post-NFT kind of craze and then connecting with on-chain musicians that have all been part of these different communities together in some way, shape or form.
So it's cool to see these communities converging, coming together, you know, really continuing to see the artists that kind of have been consistent or stepped away from, you know, quote unquote, social media or Web3, but had been consistent making music or doing the thing that they were doing along that path and then kind of tapping in along the way with the different folks.
just uh i wanted to correct yous all we need to have a four person conversation because i gotta
get on this too um but also i'm dropping some uh stuff in the comments below the zauchella
and the zaopalooza comments uh there
let's go super exciting i just wanted to say as well um you know nice to meet you
paper hands as well uh paper hands sorry appreciate you uh you've been here and coming
up it's definitely um good to connect with you as well and uh and you d coop as well like you
guys are such phenomenal artists and do incredible things and it's exciting to see how you guys are
collaborating the music that you make the perspectives that you have as well um it's it's
super awesome and to see so many gifted people come together to contribute towards heading in
the right direction that benefits the artists that creates experiences for the community
it's just super super awesome as well so it's appreciated as well that not only are you giving
people access to amazing music that you can kind of it's hard to explain really but music is really
really powerful for everyone as we all know it plays a part in the in every element of everyone's
life and I think it kind of felt like a lot of people were sort of losing faith in the music
space not you guys but just like the the mainstream music because of things that we can't obviously go
into but I think we all know where I'm going with that so to find artists that are trying to be
creative for creative purposes and to make music that you can kind of use to shift your mindset to
work out to um to help you express things you're going through like you guys are therapists to
people you'll never meet and that's just one of a million different reasons as to why music is so
awesome so always appreciate a solid artist that keeps it real that collaborates with other artists
and ecosystems that contribute towards the progression of which way music is going and the
fact that you guys have come together and gone no no we aren't going to let music fall to the
worst side we're going to head it in the right direction together for the greater good of music
in general for the people that hear our music that we'll probably never meet so i don't know
if i explained that right but uh yeah i just think it's legendary so yeah super excited that
you guys are smashing it the way you are and uh i feel i feel like i'm in a privileged position
to even be on the same stage so yeah thank you very much if i can say real quick you know i'm
gonna be like i'm gonna be 1000 honest right i've been in the space for about six seven years now
not as long as some people.
But, and I was definitely building in a direction of,
you know, where, at least in a realm of where music sits
and fits on the blockchain, right?
And how does Providence fit into that?
You know, how does the interactivity fit into that?
How does the consumer fit into that?
But, and I was super disenfranchised, you know,
you know, and it's not just by any one variable or factor, but I was pretty dead set on just going
back to creating in a certain way, you know, apart from Web3. And it wasn't until I really
had a long conversation with Zaw and Decoup that I was like, okay, maybe it's, you know,
maybe it's just, not everything is in my head, but maybe there actually is a way, a path forward,
just you have to make the right decisions and um and and honestly some of the things that
zol and i talked about and it's not just in one off of one event but the the perspective that
it all brings it's honestly refreshing because it's not a lot of people that have that organized
perspective and are thinking future based right it's like a lot of people are just coming to it
it with hey where's the activation going to be where can i show up and show face it's like no
zoll is thinking 17 steps ahead so um that's if anything that's the main reason why i was like
okay let's let's take a step back and maybe maybe i was wrong a little bit you know let's see what
zoll stock can can really do let's see what the what 2027 you know awaits for us you know what i
mean so i'm really excited about zoll stock i'm not gonna lie and uh there's a couple things that
I have to shoot over to Zal still, but I think it's going to be crazy the more and more that not only that it's it's organized and inactivated on, but it's also the opportunities that we get to put artists on a specific platform of our own.
that is not necessarily one that we're trying to centralize.
It's one that, hey, okay, we're trying to bring people together,
but also we're trying to build several protocols out from that
that everybody who participates in can actually benefit from.
It's not just something that it's social credit
or some other random bullshit that you're just bringing to the front end
so the main people who are building it can make some chicken.
It's not just about that anymore.
It's really it's deeper than that, you know, so and that's how it always should be.
Right. Because provenance is the lifeblood of blockchain in reality, you know, and I'm not going to lie.
Most of the stuff that people put on the blockchain, it pales in comparison to the kinds of activations that we can build.
Even at a small level for people like what they experience and what they take back from that, what they take home from that, you know what I mean?
it's it's there's always opportunity to build something larger than life larger than yourself
larger than money you know and that might be a hard sell to a lot of people especially in
in this space you know in web 3 in general but it's got to be you know otherwise you're you're
going to be staying in a bubble you know what i mean so a lot of people are a lot of people are
seriously closed-minded in this space i'm really glad that you brought that up bro um we don't
think outside of this these four walls of our phone right like these these four borders when
to some you know there may be opportunities that you just don't see right a lot of opportunities
that are worth going for like are just ones that we don't see or we're not exposed to um and i gotta
agree with you bro like you get off the phone with zol one time and you're you're in the future
you know what i'm saying um but it's it's it's about legacy bro at the end of the day um the
reason why we're all here i think the reason why at least why i'm here is because there is that
permanence on the blockchain for whatever it is that you can that you want to create right whether
it's music art nfts whatever it is um and i believe that culture needs to be distinguished
was from like web three culture, right?
Artists coming into this, I believe like,
especially just new like to this whole space.
I think the benefit of blockchain is,
at least for them, storage and preservability, right?
And also clear transactional processes, right?
Like what we have going on with Wave Wars,
like you can see these transactions happening online.
you can see what's going on on the blockchain, how much your song can make, is making, or whatever.
I think, like, different appeals like that, when presented, like, properly in a setting like a ZaoFest, right,
in a setting like ZaoChela or something like that, creates an entirely different culture and, like, stream of thought
when it comes to, like, blockchain and Web3 and stuff.
So, yeah, man, kudos to you guys. I think you guys are doing great work.
Let's go.
Appreciate your guys' take on that.
And the kind words as well is obviously, I imagine,
greatly appreciated, of course.
But yeah, I totally agree with what you're saying.
And it's awesome to think that you guys can collectively make a huge impact
and pave a way for the music space and contribute towards the amazing thing
that's happening uh with the zao and with waybos and with what you guys are doing individually as
artists as well so yeah i don't know if you're ready to tap in zao or if you've got anything
you want to play or talk about you're obviously open and welcome to do so sir
nah just i appreciate all the love um excited to kick it all with you guys like uh we're it's just
starting the reason i started the zao festivals in the first place was everyone kept on talking
about all these side events at crypto conferences and like crypto as a whole and it being a challenge
uh one second yeah the trunk is okay thank you appreciate it um but essentially all of these
events and uh and then no one coming to these events during bear markets and i thought you know
us being a music community if we did events with musicians people will always show up for the
musicians whether or not you know the price of xyz crypto is at xyz amount thank you um so i think
like that is the staying power and that's the real cool part about what we can do that no one else
could do um and the fact that the on-chain music space has kind of just gotten quote unquote in
terms of dollar bill smaller and smaller um since you know at least i've joined in 2023 but even
longer than that so it's been really cool to see all of the musicians become builders in different
capacities and see what different people have made like we could literally go on hours long
tangents about hurricane you know talking talking you know to me us coming together at the zhalan
building wave wars and him becoming a absolute crazy musician builder we can talk about so many
other people in this space who realized that the platforms weren't there to help support them so
So they realized they had to build their own platform, not to capture value from someone else,
but to solve a simple problem that they were facing themselves.
And their peers could leverage as well.
And I think that's kind of the real cool part about open source tooling here.
And that's what I'm really excited to leverage with the collective of on-chain musicians
that have now learned so many cool things about how blockchain technology can work
and so many cool niches of it, but maybe weren't able to capture
the promotional side and the social media side, or maybe weren't able to capture the development
side, or even some of the potential collaboration side and now can capture some of those things
and do it to the extent and the expertise that they know and the subject matter feel
that they are a part of.
But I definitely want to hear from D. Coop and hear overall a little bit more about the
VEC, have him share his kind of take on how we started to collaborate and organize and
just kind of really showcase the fact that this event this third zow festivals event was purely
like it was community organized in and of itself at its true core dcoo hosted it at his house at
his venue after you know doing the same event for two years running and you know we came in and added
our value and our our attention and whatever we could do with coming down there and helping share
the word and then seeing what we could do after that as well to activate not only D.Coup's
community, but this greater on-chain musician community.
So it was an absolute pleasure working with D.Coup, and it's really cool to see that him
just reaching out to me and being like, hey, I need some support on this, creating it into
this such a huge collaboration of our brand.
Like what we're doing with Zao's stock would be a lot harder if not for what we did here
with Zaoville and what D. Coop was able to provide for the Zao
and these other musicians.
So, you know, with that, I'm going to kick it over to D. Coop
and just say it was awesome to see him perform.
And then, you know, you guys got to see this man fire spin.
We have to find a place in Ellsworth that will let us fire spin, by the way,
because I do not think the city will be as approving,
but we will definitely find a place for you to rock out.
let's go what up what up what up first of all appreciate y'all for having me this is all
revolution miss ev great to be here with the whole fam um yeah man i mean the city might um
on that side note uh just have to look into a fire permit um so i can check on that definitely
i've had to do it previously um but yeah to kind of just keep the conversation going and
you know, elaborate a little bit on the whole, you know, community aspect, the collective aspect,
and how things kind of fell into place. Because, you know, you guys have inspired me,
as always, in these conversations. You know, I stepped into Web3 and Crypto in like 2020.
A friend of mine had commented on an Instagram post that I put out with like an album cover
design was like, Hey man, you know, you should check out NFTs. You should, you know, turn this
kind of stuff into an NFT. And prior to that, you know, I had gotten into Bitcoin and Ethereum and
such Solana from actually a fellow artist and DJ through the rave scene in, you know, Baltimore,
DC, Virginia area. So it's kind of crazy that it's come full circle in that aspect.
So I jumped into it and I had no idea at that time that there was, you know, a music attachment, a music space, music communities until Quan, shout out the Noids.
I actually ended up in a space with Dre the Noid and it was him and a couple other artists and they were sharing music and things like that.
And at the time, you know, my stuff was really rough, underproduced. I was, you know, new, raw, you know, fresh kind of deal. And I got up and shared a track and Dre gave me some, you know, very constructive criticism. He said, you know, your flow is great. Your lyrics are on point. You have a message, but you need to produce your sound because, you know, that's what the average, you know, ears is listening for, which was, you know, truth.
And it really, you know, pushed me and motivated me to pursue that avenue of music, which, you know, brought me into the Web3 music space.
And, you know, it really was a fire and a driving force.
I started, you know, collaborating with other artists, meeting up with other artists.
And that led me to the Outsider Collective with Paper.
You know, when when him and Prophet rolled up, you know, I had to make that a point to say that that really resonated with me.
You know, Outsider OC is and will always be, you know, an incredible collaborative, you know, just impressive force in music.
And, you know, now with P2P and Bomb Squad and everything.
And that ended up, you know, leading me to Zal and Zal.
You know, I was going out of Miami and I was looking to, you know, continue that journey, meeting up with artists, collaborating, performing, et cetera.
And Zal was, you know, he just he put me on.
And I, you know, like you said, I showed up and having thrown events myself in different ways, whether I was, you know, the host or the artist or whatever, I, you know, know what it's like to have so many things going on at once.
And that's why it felt good to, you know, not only be there as an artist, but to be able to assist and, you know, build the event with the community and the other artists.
It was incredible. I had a great time. It was, you know, something I'll never forget.
And that's why when it came to, you know, our third year of the VEC, it wasn't even a second thought.
I was like, you know, Zal's got to be a part of it.
Homie's got to be a part of it.
And the most beautiful thing is that we brought people from all different walks of life, people who have no idea about Crypto and Web3 to, you know, Zal, who's, you know, engulfed fully and is, you know, doing so many things and building so many things.
And it was just, you know, a natural atmosphere of people having fun together, sharing stories and just, you know, conversations of all different types, you know, laughs, fun, you know, all the great stuff that is memorable.
And, you know, P2P and Bomb Squad not only put on an epic performance, killed it, but they captured everything in the essence, which was pretty much the entire focus of this event was to make it memorable and to have an impact moving forward.
So, yeah, I'm grateful for this space.
I'm grateful for what we're doing together and independently.
Yeah, let's go.
Thank you.
let's go DQ
thank you bro
appreciate the
appreciate the time
you took to
to speak that
and
yeah truly grateful
for
you giving us a time
to kind of unpack that
as well
that's awesome
and
you know
it's really exciting
actually because
it sounds like
you know
you've come from
a far journey
basically
to kind of
get to where you're at and um you know to get input and get feedback like that from someone
with such notoriety if that's the right word um it's quite something as well so you know well
played on that front as well that's that's awesome and uh you know these events have been incredible
the music's so good and i say this on you know i've said in so many spaces that you know the
caliber of quality of music that you guys make is is phenomenal and the reason that you guys
aren't globally known yet isn't due to a lack of skill set it's just literally you've not been heard
from by everyone yet and i think that's the exciting part about what i think these web3
ecosystems are kind of building towards with the the tooling that people are using that
the way that people are able to tap into it to not only add value with the song you've created
but as a collectible um as a membership and the music itself so it's really exciting that you know
the way the future is heading with the tools that have been created
and how ecosystems like the Zao and Zao stock
are helping contribute towards the direction that artists are able to go in
as a collective is really exciting.
So, yeah, I appreciate that, D.Coup, for definite.
I apologise for the little silence after you spoke.
I thought Zao may have jumped in.
I thought a song was going to get played.
Yeah, I was ready for that song to continue.
So I thought I'd give it a minute just in case it would be just my luck
I start speaking and then the DJ
smashes the song out
so yeah, my bad
It's all good, I felt the same way
I was like, wait, am I rugged? Is somebody else speaking?
Yeah
It happened just before you spoke as well
so I thought, your intros and outros are solid
I thought
legendary, I thought a fight was about to break out
he was coming out to
the ringside with that tune play and it was quality
I was ready for it
I mean, if you want me to run one up
I can run one up
Yeah, do it. Absolutely. I'd love that.
All right. I'm going to give you the choice.
Supernova Light or Class A Azul?
The first one.
All right, let's go.
That's funny because this is actually the one that I performed at Zaucella,
which was incredible, and also the one that I spun fire to.
If you guys haven't seen that, I also, you know, spin a fire staff and had a headset mic.
And that was my first time experimenting with that.
So it was a lot of fun.
Let's go.
be the same for the rest of my life.
The taste on your lips is tequila when it bites, yet the psychedelic dopamine is flowing
through my mind.
Are you my kind of crazy?
Have I found my silver line?
Cause your electric horse sending shivers down my spine.
Just like a ride, girl, I chase you across the sky.
Cause out of seven sisters, yeah, your love is so divine.
Igniting seven chakras, now my third eyes open wide.
Your kaleidoscope, it gave me hope, couldn't leave it if I tried.
Stranded out on Mars, yeah, my brain was feeling fried.
Till I call the cap the Venus and I swear I'll tell you that
Sexy lips, luscious hips, they eye electrified
That beauty overthrew me, my soul truly fucking cried
They say that love's a battlefield, but now I'm wondering why
Cause I feel like we're white seaside to island and intertwine
Down upside, like a Tony Hawk crime
360 on the mountain, fuck the snow blind
Yeah, it ain't no lie, you're the freshest off the blind
Cause you age like blind and my style so refined
It's a bad market but my one on one still shines
For now it's Bluebird but tomorrow's headlines
For on a satellite flight as we burn into the night
The vibe is super stellar and the energy is right
I swear I'm going blind from this supernova light
And I'll never be the same for the rest of my life
And I'll never be the same for the rest of my life.
You thought I was done?
Now we're just getting started.
My mind was down there before you.
I was so brokenhearted.
I was out here with the loss.
He's crushing.
Can't get retarded.
Till you love to control.
Did my injury restart it?
Now it's shears of my doubts.
Yeah, they dearly departed.
Thighs ticking sky high.
Your backside is astronomical.
Them starry eyes shine.
Yeah, something phenomenal going.
Hop in this rocket.
Baby, it's a two-seater.
Keep you plugged in like a socket cause I love your domain
Save the space in my locket if you'll be my Athena
Shoutin' bravo for Apollo, drip you out in Valentina
Now we're trippin' across the galaxy, writin' our own Rhapsody
Sippin' from the Milky Way, dippin' in our chalices
Our force is legend in this Star War, while the rest be livin' fallacies
So let the haters hate, yeah we call them Greek tragedies
Yeah we call them Greek tragedies
Satellite flight as we burn into the night
The vibe is super stellar and the energy is right
I swear I'm going blind from your supernova light
And I'll never be the same for the rest of my life
Yeah, yeah, yeah
On a satellite flight as we burn into the night
The vibe is super stellar and the energy is right
I swear I'm going blind from your supernova light
and I'll never be the same for the rest of my life.
And I'll never be the same for the rest of my life.
Woo!
Nice.
Yo, I really want to hear that.
I want to hear that track
against somebody in Wave Wars.
Totally saw
a battle happening there for a second.
Great song,
D-Coup. I don't think I had the pleasure
of listening to your music, bro, but
super sick. Super
dope, bro. I really love the style.
And the production
sounds really good. Your flow is
hella fire, bro.
Hella fire, dude. Yeah, I would
really love to hear
some more of your music, but definitely want to
get you involved with, like, Wave Wars
if you're not already, and
get you battling some people, dude.
Like, I feel like your songs would, uh,
I feel like your songs would, uh, cost
some... I think that song is in the
Wave Wars catalog. Oh, nice,
dude. Okay, alright. Well,
well, you shouldn't have told me
that, bro.
Yeah, like, you should
pull that out on Monday, Monday night.
Don't tell anyone, and just battle
it against it one of your songs and just like yeah have fun that's kind of one of the cool things
about the space being so small and big at the same time is like yeah dcoop has had his song on there
but like has been so busy with everything planning for this event and more that it's like he popped
it on and like the cool thing is kwan could literally rock that song out while dcoop's at
work and he could be earning money on his music right like that's cool yes sir yes sir and i you
know, I appreciate the words, Quan. And I got to shout out my producer on that, who is another
individual I met through Web3, my boy DCM, Calma Music, DCM Productions, who I was blessed to
actually be able to kick it with in person in Amsterdam off of a whim. The man is a genius,
and he's elevating exponentially. He's actually just signed a deal to open multiple studios
throughout the Amsterdam area.
And yeah, he is incredible.
Definitely a cornerstone on my music.
And when it comes to Wave Wars, yeah, actually, you know,
they brought me up on that.
And it's funny that you say that with that song in particular
because, you know, it was an awesome battle.
It was me versus Louie.
It was a great time.
You know, everybody showed up and showed out.
But I was a little bit of a novice when it came to the kind of strategy
of Wave Wars because I, you know, I'm, I'm kind of more used to the classical side of,
you know, performing and battling or whatever, where I kind of saved my, my big one, two punch
for the end. But because I did that, I lost the first two rounds. And then the judges were even
like, man, why didn't you pull this out? You know, in the first round or the second. So I learned my
lesson, but it was, you know, it was a good time and it's, you know, Wave Wars is, is an amazing
platform it's it's so um you know progressive and and uh it's a lot of opportunity for not
only the artists but the community to be involved so well yeah and i and i think it it goes along
with what um you know some of the things that paperhand was talking about earlier um it's um
it's it's another mechanism right uh it's just another mechanism for music to be shared and
experience um because at the end of the day that's what it's about now how can how do people
experience your music like music can be fire it's great that's cool you know and it sounds good but
like if i heard that song at like a zow fest you know i'm saying around a bunch of people or if i
just heard that song on wave wars being battled against somebody and like the charts going crazy
that's like a whole different like experience for for music and like musicians and stuff so uh
Yeah man, I'm excited. I'm excited to listen to more of your music and stuff and also you know
I'm definitely putting that up in the queue for Monday and hope more artists like can come out
and check out what Wave Wars got going on but definitely I'm gonna pass it over to Thay.
Yeah no that was an absolute banger, I couldn't have said that better myself, thank you Kwon.
yeah really good song I love the vibe yeah that'd be one of those songs that
you would lose to and it's like how can I even be mad at that you look behind
you and your friends are dancing it's like whose side are you on what's this
about that's why it always amazes me how you guys can kind of be in a battle
mindset but there's just so much love and respect to each other for the for
the effort that goes in for the hard work and the way that you guys always
credit the people involved as well that's awesome as well so yeah definitely
Yeah, that's a banger of a song.
That's awesome.
I can see why that song hasn't been battled against too often.
So, yeah, smart moves by the Wave Wars community on that one.
Definitely kept that one quiet, didn't they?
Kwon's going to come in and throw that at a few people,
and they're going to be like, oh, man, we're trying to stay away from that one.
No, big love, D. Coop.
And, yeah, nice one, Kwon.
Pulling out the secret weapons, bro.
You know, got to pull your artists out of the arsenal, right?
that's it when you head to head and actually has anyone ever heard of pokemon showdown
with like a hundred hundred emoji if you ever have all right when i was in high school um
when i when i was in eighth grade they had ipads and they had like just started for six through
eight and then when i was in high school they didn't bring your own device which again like
this is a big conversation actually onaji made a really good article about like
I digress.
We had devices and there was this game called Pokemon Showdown
and I would be playing it in class a lot.
It was this honestly kind of like an open source tool of like
you could battle any kind of Pokemon battle against, you know,
anyone that's out there on the internet or, you know,
someone that's, you know, you share an invite code with.
And there was this really fun one that was like all randoms
where you would literally get like all random Pokemon
with all random moves and all random types.
and you had to like type and battle them out at the right time.
And I think that could be really interesting as like a format as well of like,
okay, these are like the 40 popular Wave Wars songs that are in like the mix today.
And it could be like this style of, you know, choosing and knowing which songs are coming up
and something along that lines where it could lead to a whole different side of Wave Wars.
So just a random idea I was thinking about as I was, you know,
hearing the awesome conversation back and forth. So appreciate you guys,
appreciate everyone for popping in. Rev, COC communities,
communities for, you know, hosting the space.
One of my goals for Zao Stock is to really showcase wave wars in all of the
awesome things that we've done. So at a very minimum,
the goal is to have four musicians do three different battles, you know,
one in the middle of the day, head to head,
the second and the, you know, three fourths of the way through.
and then the last one kind of being that finals
and really make the event a little bit also geared
and focused around when you were sharing it out online.
Okay, like the Wave Wars battle is starting,
you know, at three, et cetera.
And then, you know, really showcasing what Wave Wars can be,
whether that be the in-person side
and also that online support coming from
that international community as well.
And like leveraging the tool of we're streaming
this live performance as well
and seeing how we can showcase what that's like.
So yeah, I'm really excited to talk more
about Zao stock, everything Ellsworth.
Hopefully I get access to this video here soon,
but there's a two and a half minute video
that the nonprofit that I've been helping and support
over the last year and a half here locally,
maybe a year and a half, less than a year and a half,
last eight to 10 months.
And it's called Heart of Ellsworth
and they created a new org video
all about the town of Ellsworth.
And it's a really cool just like intro to different parts of what, you know, makes this kind of small rural area of Maine kind of cool.
I'm really excited to showcase all of what we have to offer to this community, but then also showcase this community to all of you guys.
So, you know, really excited for October here.
It's coming fast, but it's been really cool to get more people involved through, you know, people like Dekoop, where we got Lion's Den locked in in this last week, you know, after seeing such an awesome performance out there.
We played one of his songs at the very beginning, if you want to roll that back at the beginning of the space.
But yeah, it's been a blast. It's going to be a blast. And I think Wave Wars being an intricate part of not only the virtual side of this on-chain music space, but that how can we spin that into an IRL event as well and just kind of see the intricacies.
There's a lot of things from Miami that we tested and tried out with Wave Wars that I saw operationally that I want to get ahead of this time.
So I have a lot of ideas and ways we can make it better.
And it's always cool to see the community really coming in and supporting some of these opportunities and ventures and taking on the responsibility for saying, hey, I like this.
I want to help make this better and add my value prop here.
So I appreciate the Zao community always showing up, showing the support.
wave wars 11 shows a week you know with with that kind of support the folks coming in every single
day you know we we really love uh all of the like attention to how can we help support independent
artists today so shout out to y'all yeah i gotta jump in just for a second to say big shout out to
trey um trey was the man you know we we hung out at you know zao chela and nft nyc and trey is a
rider, man. He's there always supporting
the artists, always
sharing the word, posting
stuff, highlighting them, and
just a real good dude
in general. So Trey,
having you over, man, was
a pleasure. And, you know,
I appreciate the uplifting
gifts, if you feel me.
Yeah.
Big ups to Trey.
Let's go. Yeah.
appreciate you guys trey is an absolute legend and uh yeah big love to you trey and uh thank you as
well for streaming the event as well so us guys in the uk got to enjoy it and experience it as well
i'm sure there were many other people from many other parts of the world um but yeah awesome and
yeah it's always good to see see you guys do these awesome events and uh you know we appreciate the
amount of work and energy and effort that goes into them to make them what they are
And, you know, shout out to the people that take the pictures that turn up like Trey,
does a multitude of these things with pictures, videos, live streams.
It makes all the difference in the world, like you said, and it truly is legendary.
And there's people outside of that that get to experience it.
And the more that they see quality music, good artists, good vibes, good people,
how can they not want to, you know, be a part of the community and be drawn in because of that?
So, yeah, truly amazing.
And yeah, Trey has brought so many people together as well throughout the Web3 world.
So many different artists, people, communities.
And yeah, just an absolute legend of a dude.
So yeah, appreciate you, Trey.
Big love to you.
And yeah, big love to all the awesome things that you guys have been talking about thus far.
It's epic.
The music's fire as well.
Absolutely appreciate.
And it's awesome that this is the beauty of like music, blockchain and social media is how you guys have got skills.
you've got stories to tell you've on a journey people can participate in that process and uh
you know that's not a factor of the metaverse as well i think it's so underrated right now
and it's just so much of a good experience i was actually laughing at a video i was halfway through
making the tea and sort my kids out actually qualm and i saw one of your videos of uh
you in the metaverse and it was it was awesome and it was you basically saying like where else
would you rather be and then the camera just pans around to you being in the metaverse and i just
burst out laughing i almost spilled my tea again i think you guys have cost me more meals than i
could even tell you i almost spilled the pan over laughing just because it was so funny
it's just uh i don't know why i found it so amusing it was one of those things it's like
you tell someone and they just look at you like you're crazy but it was just the way that you so
gradually can't pan the camera around to the laptop and you're in the metaverse and you could
hear some of the things people were saying it was just really funny because uh yeah unless you've
been in the metaverse and experienced it you just don't fully understand it because the people are
good the vibes are good the music's good and you don't have to move a muscle to be there like why
would you want to be anywhere else so uh yeah i just thought it was awesome so i appreciate you
guys being who you are because uh there's only one of you on the face of the earth and we get
to experience that so yeah big love for that much love bro appreciate you dog um and i think
just real quick and i'm not gonna take any more time but i think um i think it's a really cool
landscape we got here because music as a unifying layer is perfect for Web 3, if you think about
it, right? Providence, vibes, communities, technology, it all has a background. There's
all some sort of background vibe to it or energy behind it. I think music as that sub-layer
of everything else that we do on top of this space and on top of like who we are as individuals
and stuff is like where we're supposed to be right like communities like this initiatives like this
you know getting people together in real life to discuss permanence on chain with like the premise
of music is is like genius you know what i'm saying like music as that as that little layer so
shout out to everybody who's like in this space like uh contributing like uh making your voices
heard sharing your music you know having your ip and your and provenance like in mind and stuff
like we're the ones who are pushing like the culture and like the idea of like web 3 and like
blockchain when it comes to like music and like everyday life and stuff so yeah yeah shout out to
you guys yeah you're spot on but uh you know you're not you're not taking up time bro we will
make time for anything you say so uh yeah please don't think that something's been taken away when
you speak bro i love it and now you speak absolute facts but you're absolutely spot on with music
because you know if you're at the festival a live festival you know the music pulls you into the
song you know if you're in the metaverse it pulls you into the music or just the music is able to
kind of it suppose it's kind of like a quantum wave in itself isn't it because it kind of it
it speaks to you from wherever it's at and I think that's the awesome thing about it and it doesn't
always have to be received in the way that it was sent you know like an artist will write a song for
whatever reason and someone else may resonate with it for a completely different point but it kind of
just like lives it's like a live it lives on it you feel it you experience it you remember it um
And it reminds me of, there was an interview with, I think it was with Dr. Dre,
it was with 50 Cent, and somebody asked him who his top 10 was.
And he said, well, in what time era?
Because it kind of depends on the time era,
because when songs come into existence matter just as much as what the song is,
which I think people often overlook.
But it's like, I've talked about it in a few spaces,
about the beautiful thing about music is you don't ever come across a song
and think i'd love to like and add this song to my playlist but i've already got 10 songs that i
like so i can't fit it in you just add it in if it resonates it resonates so like there's no you're
not like trying to fit into a gap that's already full kind of thing so like that's the beautiful
part about what i think what you guys are doing is once people experience the music and the community
and the metaverse events and the irl events it will transform their perspective of the space
and how it operates and the fact that there's layers to it and you don't have to learn about
how the blockchain works to enjoy music that's on chain for example unless you actually want to
dig that deep it's the same as everything isn't it you know i didn't learn how the functionalities
of a car were before i got in one i was like it moves i'm allowed to drive it so that's exactly
what i'm going to do you know what i mean so like uh it's funny how well aren't we as human beings
like to over complicate everything instead of just enjoying it at whatever level it's at but
that's what i wanted to just feed it back to to zal and who he is and what he's doing and either
is too busy to realize and isn't that bothered or he just likes to keep moving and will one day look
back as an old man and be like i did so many things and brought so many people together and
put so many events on and created so many things and i've got so many epic friends and my grandkids
still don't believe how cool my friends are or that i knew that person um but either way those
in 2077 bro like yeah he is he's in 3027 this man this man if he said he was a time traveler
and started like bringing content out about it i'd probably question it i'd probably be like
do you know what i think i think he is and i don't want to look into it because i don't know
if my brain can comprehend what it's going to discover but i'm just going to take his word for
it and uh and move forward and pretend like he never said it and i'm just going to leave an
awkward silence there says i was gonna be like i don't even know what tab i'm on i'm gonna have to
go all the way back to the x tab click on it just to say something now you're hilarious i love you
guys i appreciate all the love it's exciting to be in a community and in a place where the
work and hard and support is all there and like when you put the effort and energy in you're
getting that plus you know xyz percent and those are the communities that we're around and you guys
all help cultivate. So it's the culture that's here. It's, you know, I appreciate being able to
just help support being able to bring some of these spaces together. The collaborations are
some of my favorite things, especially when someone tells me, oh, like I've met this person already,
but like, I didn't know they were doing this. And it's like, yeah, like that's the cool thing about
where everyone's at with, where everyone's in, in their story is two people can be the closest
to friends, but not realize that they're connected to the same person through a completely different
project so i absolutely love being here it's a absolute pleasure to be here on fridays and
saturdays with the coc community we've been rocking coc metaverse concerts where we're right
now taking a light pause because previously we had been on spatial but like paper hand had said
you know when you completely rely on platforms you sometimes get burned and um spatial has now
I believe closed to officially. So we're working on officially bringing the wave wars, uh, space
to the DCL so that the COC community can lease it out for a period of time for the COC concert. So
I know that's something a lot of people are working on in the backend and I'm really excited.
And I think that'll lead us really well into the, uh, the announcement that Mr. Rev has,
uh, coming up. Uh, so I'm going to kick it back over to you. Appreciate everyone for being here.
if uh oh cool uh stila or someone from lit studio has made it on stage so if you want to kick it
over to them before we we announce i would love to hear hear from lit studio one of the reasons
i'm doing what i'm doing more than anything was seeing the seeing and being inspired by the
musicians building different things like stila with lit studio and finding ways to be like okay
stila is building this thing that will when it is ready need distribution need people just like
music, just like a lot of these apps and other things in Web3. And how can I create myself and
our community in such a way to help be that vehicle, not only for social capital, not only
for financial capital, but also for this distributive capital of like, where can we make a
splash where it matters, when it matters to help support artists careers, not only for like a viral
moment for that like long-term career growth so i know what stilo's building is absolutely
phenomenal and will help not only just musicians and on-chain music but like us at wave wars it
will give us the opportunity to take a platform that we don't have a good contact and support
for right in-house to someone who's been a part of wave wars this whole time so that to me is one
the biggest moves we can make for leverage to take away the need for one platform and being
stuck to all of the WaveWars catalog is currently only being hosted on one platform to being able
to be like, okay, now me as an artist, I have options. I could do this platform that's been
used or hey, I can try out this platform that may be experimental, but I'm going to get a response
anytime I'm in a WaveWars space from the person that's here. So if I have a bug, I can reach out.
that could be get fixed ASAP,
or you know the person's working on it.
And that's the coolest thing I've had
in the web three spaces.
The customer support is the biggest thing
you'll ever like need out of a corporation
or a business or a brand.
And I think being able to be as available
for your individuals is one of the highest ways
you can go from just getting distribution
to actually keeping the individuals
and getting retention on that.
So I appreciate everyone here today.
that's a long-winded way of saying
I would love to hear from Stilo
or the Lit Studio intern
we'll see
we'll see
who's awesome also
tension is building
I was just borrowing my crockets
sorry, who is it?
let's go
well, sorry to disappoint
this is Gigi, it's not Stilo
no, it's okay
Gigi's the goat
we were just talking actually about how awesome Gigi is.
Do you want to share a few words, Gigi,
about Lit Studio and Stilo since you're in here
and since we've had them up so much?
We should message them as well.
We're saying so many good, kind words,
but I know you've been working with Stilo
for quite some time.
Yeah, I mean, I've just,
when I joined X and found out about Wave Wars
and everything through him
and just the whole great community
that you guys have built,
I've just been you know learning about that a little bit here and there and just supporting
behind the scenes because independent artists go through a lot and I've just been able to kind of
have like a firsthand knowledge of that through him and just supporting him in any way I can
especially with everything he has going on and the dedication he has to really make Lit Studio
something really useful for independent artists because I think the main thing was like once he
released Ambition One and you know people bought on the tracks and the album on Audius and other
ways to support him you know that money kind of disappeared and he was like thinking you know
independent artists don't have like this long-term financial stability and also wanted to make the
whole music experience and the ownership and all of that with crypto and solana now and um the whole
web3 community um he just wanted to merge all of that seamlessly in a way and he's been doing great
and lit studio is getting close super close but you know he is building it on his own and everything
and figuring it out as he goes but um it's really close to launch um but you know he wants to make
everything's good before launching it to everyone.
And he will have, you know, some of the community people here
and Wave Force and everything test it out, give him feedback.
And then us listeners, music lovers, also check it out
to give him some pointers about how he can make Lit Studio
on the website and the app even better.
Yeah, I was just listening, joining in to support.
I know he's at work and he's finishing up work soon and he might stop by if the space is still open.
But I'm, you know, texting him, letting him know what's going on here and just how great of a community I've been able to be a part of through him.
And just listening to you guys, you know, all builders and music artists and creators, you guys are all amazing.
So, yeah.
thank you gg y'all follow this studio follow uh follow the account follow each other um this is
what it's about it's about connecting it's about sharing what you're building and building it
together you know what i'm saying like stilo's doing this on his own but he doesn't have to and
he's obviously not building on his own because like what gg just did was like something that
everybody needs in a corner bro like everybody needs a gg in a corner somebody who's who can
come up on stage talk about whatever it is you got going on support you in that way and just like
what a what an example of like a of a strong like community member at the end of the day too like
like somebody who is so selfless and like giving of their time to share what they're working on
what they're passionate about instead and that's what that's what web3 needs more of bro so like
shout out to UGG shout out to Lit Studio and yeah man make sure everybody's following each other and
and let's keep going up. Yeah thank you so much Quan um you're awesome and um yeah I love music
I grew up listening to music and dancing and everything and so um coming into social media
again um November 2025 um like I've worked with non-profits in like the past 14 years or something
like that um and then i was like okay i want to make a career change but i want to take a break
a little and um wanted to join x for some reason i think it was just kind of the perfect platform
for me especially with music and everything um to kind of like archive and like post throwbacks
and stuff like that on my own page and then when i found out oh there's like spaces and people talk
to each other that's so cool and so i joined a couple of different music communities on here
and then um you know i i think famous is space and wave wars space has been two of like my stable ones
and um i found out about wave wars through stilo and cat and so um and then just through you guys
i've just been learning so much about independent arts and everything you guys do and how much you
guys go through to really um you know make your passion like your passion project in music
and the rest of us who just love music we just want to do our best to support you
in the best way we can and with what we can so yeah
let's go the only disappointment was thinking that you thought we thought if you speaking would
be a disappointment that was the only disappointment in that situation but i know big love to you
honestly you're amazing and uh yeah quant said it quant said it perfect and you know big love to
steelo steelo's an absolute legend um it took me a long time to get his name right but i managed it
um you know throwing an i in there was never not going to work well for an english person when
there's like nine different contexts to every one word that was i failed english basically
as an englishman but that's a conversation for a whole different day but i know i appreciate you
I'm looking forward to the day where we get to meet all
you legends in person, I'll just say
now with Steel I'm probably going to fanboy out
I'll just say it to you, it's going to
happen, the guy is as cool as you can imagine
or as the English would say, as cool as
Cucumber, his music's fire
he's just a vibe in himself and
he's been smashing it in the metaverse as well
that man has been around for a hot minute
creating experiences
like they were going out of fashion
to an absolute pristine standard
phenomenal how he's managed to be
so consistent as well so um there's no surprise he can do everything on his own because he does but
uh also he doesn't at the same time which is what quant was just saying which is awesome so
yeah thank you uh gg appreciate you and uh yeah thank you for speaking on stelo's behalf as well
you know definitely uh appreciate that as well but yeah i was super excited as well about um
next week and uh what zol was um just touching on because we're super excited about it we haven't
made the space link yet we'll be making it tonight but next week we are featuring decentraland which
are super excited about um the community communities the zao uh will be featuring um kim courier um
one of the team members of decentraland and then hopefully decentraland themselves come as well
which i'm hoping they do i'm sure they probably will especially if the team's going to be there
but also we'll be featuring uh sinful meat stick from the uh c cbd community as well the
the central and community which is super awesome and exciting um they're a phenomenal community
it's an amazing platform um they've had some recently huge updates so it's super exciting
and like what it's always saying about the coc concerts so it'll be super exciting on that front
as well so the way that these synchronicities happen is just phenomenal so yes we're excited
about that conversation looking forward to connecting with them learning about what they're
doing in more detail but also you know talking with simple meat stick and the decentral and
community but also talking about the CLC concerts and just making an overall connection so that's
really exciting as well so we're super excited about that space this is the first time we've
mentioned it to you legends but it's uh going to be a great space I've got no doubt so yeah
super excited about that as well so looking forward to that as well appreciate you legends
always supporting each other and yeah these experiences is the goal to kind of continue
on regards of creating that through spaces content music events both physically and digitally
and between everyone like that happens at such an amazing standard with such a great ethos throughout
the whole community as well you know the way you guys carry yourselves the friendships that have
been formed the way that people bring the skill sets together the amount of talent is to me it
it blows my mind the more i think about it the talent pool is just off the chart the only thing
that decides whether or not these things become a success is whether people continue being
consistent or they stop doing it which by the sounds of it and the looks of it and the feel of
it and the experience of it it is hardwired into everyone's dna so yeah there's too many absolute
ultra diehard legends for this to even come close to stopping so yeah super excited about the future
and uh you know like i said you know it's awesome that we can all come together the way we do to
contribute towards the progression of everything that's happening as well so yeah really excited
about that and uh thank you for letting us share that here first but uh yeah appreciate that zone
let's go
I need to stock up on my crumpets in advance for that one
that was just for you that by the way Gigi that was my way of saying thanks for
coming up and speaking on Steele's behalf whose name I said correctly again let's go
no problem I mean I would try like I create that graphic from that um phrase that he says to you
spaces and i was gonna come up and say it i'm just and i tried i'm i can't it will not i'm not
good with accents so i'll just leave that to him that would have made it even better but that
graphic was uh was so funny honestly i've laughed at that more than i care to admit but uh yeah one
day you'll have to come up and just bless us with that the worse the accent the funnier it'll be i'm
sure but no thank you appreciate the uh appreciate the humor absolutely but yeah it's exciting times
ahead and you know like i said with uh with youzal with what you've been working on with the physical
events the virtual events the spaces um the tooling that you guys have created you know with um
everything that you've been building with with wave wars how you do all in the open as well is
is really impressive you know always like you're always doing something somewhere which is kind of
incredible and there's so much going on and uh i was just looking before actually um i think it was
a post canon jones made with the uh the cards that he's made um such pristine quality like it just
blows my mind um the quality is absolutely on point it's uh it's absolutely brilliant so uh
yeah you guys are so creative man i think you're on the stage actually yeah canon's on the stage
Happy Saturday, Cannon.
How we doing, broski?
What's going on?
What's going on?
Y'all can hear me?
Yeah, loud and clear, sir.
Loud and clear.
No, I'm good, man.
I'm just a whole good day.
You don't even know what kind of collaboration actually happened earlier this week.
Thursday, Candy joined my stream, and it was honestly so much fun.
I actually really liked just having one person in the stream is great.
It's actually Candy because we don't even get that much of an opportunity
to catch up on a lot of things and she was just helping me rearrange OBS and make it look good
and during that I was playing a bunch of these remixes you had sent me and she kind of picked
her favorite too of the Makako Flow song Waves so like that whole stream for like an hour we
were just playing that one that that one like kind of beat from that song that you made like
six or seven remixes of and that was a lot of fun so shout out Canon always cooking it up on all
these different levels so yeah that's just a little little bit of fun like just something
random that's small that's out there that honestly probably no one else will see other than me and
candy having been on it but uh but it was an absolute blast because i had those like just
in the email downloaded them all after i played one candy was like oh this is cool
and we just like vibed out to all the different styles that canon had made
appreciate bro i forgot what them just either sound like
Bro, I had too. And that was the cool part about it. We just listened to the whole thing and kind of picked our favorites through that. And I think it'll be a little fun set of songs to like DJ through myself and practice with because they're all from the same song. So but they're all different kind of styles. So it'll be this like fun kind of thing that I'll try and make a little mix of. So it's cool. Like Canon and Hurricane made a song and I can kind of now leverage share that on a stream while kind of DJing it and talk stories about these two.
And like, you know, the song itself has a crazy ass story.
So, yeah, no, appreciate you, Cannon, always cooking up on so many cool levels.
We definitely are going to get in the physical realm, not only with the IRL events, but also with the with the fidgetals.
And Cannon's been really cooking on how we can make artists cards a reality.
Definitely appreciate it. Definitely appreciate it.
Yeah, man, like even for your event, like I'm definitely brainstorming and stuff like that, you know.
I'm gonna have my part done.
That's all I'm gonna say.
I already know you ain't mentioned it,
so I ain't about to mention it.
But yeah, I'm gonna have my part done
and stuff like that
to make sure everything is everything, man.
Let's go.
legendary you guys always got this a-grade equipment as well with these microphones
picking up your voices and accents crystal clear i absolutely love it these vocals coming through
i love it it's it's legendary because uh it's it sounds really cheesy to say to be fair but like
you guys have got such a character and charisma about yourselves as artists because i know you're
from different parts of the u.s and different parts of the world um with different stories like
Zal was just saying um but I think that's the best thing about what I've seen from an outside
perspective is that there's so much depth to each person to each artist to each music style to each
way of creating the music um and then the way that you guys come together to you know share what
you're working on to contribute with the different skills that you guys bring and um it's quite funny
because the music is one side but then everyone has got this different skill that's just completely
wild to me of how it ties in but like you were the cards that you made like they're absolutely
pristine but obviously like the skill that you're known for is your music um and it's just legendary
that like you guys have got so much skill set and the way that you can shape everything together to
contribute towards the uh the cool stuff that you're all doing so uh yeah i absolutely appreciate
the creativity because you know i think just being creative is underestimated a lot because
like just to use an example of my own um like i like to create content and edit videos um and
doglin's on the stage he does our branding um he's done our website he's done our um a lot of
the things around the book and the smart contracts but his creativity and the the skills that he
brings to the team from the creative standpoint makes it easier for me to want to be creative and
inspired to create with the things that he's put together um and you guys do the same thing with
your music and your battles and because sometimes it's like um to prevent the writer's block shall
we say i know it's different for different things but it's just great that you can bounce off other
creativity and kind of help keep moving things along because it's massively underestimated how
much impact that has on uh on someone's journey as well so i just kind of wanted to throw that
in there as well so i appreciate your legends for that as well i'm still well happy i said
stelo's name right i'm not gonna let that go tonight
let's go time for a little musical interlude absolutely we would make time for your musical
interlude let's go the stage is yours see what we can do here
how's that coming through i don't even have the capacity to explain it but
Thank you.  [repeated 3x, trimmed]
so
yeah  [repeated 3x, trimmed]
There you go.
Can't wait to play in Ellsworth, Maine.
Let's go Zalstock.
Yeah, it's been a lot of fun working with Zoll on it and getting myself booked.
I'm there.
And yeah, I'm going to try and get up there a little early.
And what's really cool is that I might have an opportunity to have a little side gig on
the side as well as, you know, clearly the stage going to have that set.
Can't wait.
Zal, I don't know if there's anything more.
I don't rap.
What shall I say?
Words don't come to me so easily sometimes.
So the bottom line is that the music will have to do.
I was just about to say, sometimes you don't need words when you've got skills like that.
honestly like phenomenal it just sounds pristine
we understood everything trust me you didn't need words we understood everything
loud and clear full music bro yeah my pleasure
anytime yeah you got yeah phenomenal honestly thank you that was an absolute blessing it always
is to be fair um and there's something really powerful about listening to just an instrument
without words as well because so you know that's the beautiful thing about music isn't it is that
it can take you on a journey in it and like like quant says like it quant said about it speaks
volumes that you can just really resonate with a song like that and it kind of have the impact and
And that's what I mentioned in a few spaces ago about one of the things I appreciate about creativity is you've kind of got to be present to kind of do creative things.
Like you just playing that song, you've got to be in the moment to do that.
I mean, I mean, you've got such incredible skill with a guitar that you could have told us you played that with your feet and would believe you because you're probably still drinking a cup of tea as you were playing that.
But it is so it is so impactful as well.
That's what I love about it is, you know, no words are needed.
We understood everything that was just spoken to us through those frequencies and notes.
I hope notes come to you physically as good as they do, sound-wise.
Well, you know, I tried to set up the other app in the background.
I swear, I tried everything.
Ultimately, what I just did was played through the phone with my monitors going on.
And so I was able to get the delays that I don't usually get to play with.
And so I'm glad you got to hear that finally, because that's a production quality that I'm going to bring to the stage.
And so, yeah, I mean, I actually have a song.
It's called Words No Longer Matter.
it's my only song with lyrics
but I don't play it
with lyrics anymore
I actually had a guy sing it for me
it's if you look
for me out on Bandcamp
you can find it
yeah it's pretty random
it's way out there
anyway on that note
pun intended
i could just imagine you trying to sing or rap over your music and someone saying can you stop
speaking over this beautiful music for me please i was enjoying that well you know the funniest thing
is uh a couple times when i have played live people go oh man i just totally am vibing with
that let me do a rap on it and so uh kane mayfield did a rap on some of my music which was pretty nuts
at one of the, yeah, Rizzle,
I don't know if you've ever heard of Rizzle,
of the Whip fame.
I think some of you guys have been interviewed out there.
Token Smart, Whip.
Anyway, he did that on one of our outings,
and then at an open mic night, another guy came up.
He's like, I got to rap on this song.
He's like, all right, let's see what goes.
and then
I swear
I would not be in the middle of all that
without Web3
it's here we are
I mean
love it
no it's truly amazing bro
and I truly appreciate you
blessing us with your music
for sure
and I'm looking forward to even the song about words no longer matter as well.
Well, maybe another time, another interlude later on.
Happy to play that.
Let's go. Yeah, that'd be epic.
That would be epic.
We would just wipe everything off the table and be like,
yep, you're good to go.
Nothing else to do today.
Well, the sneaky thing is you've probably heard it already,
done
I'm nowhere
in the many times that I've played
and I can't wait for the next COC by the way
so let's
keep
do you have one scheduled yet?
we don't have
one
there's definitely more coming
we haven't got a date scheduled yet
but we will be setting something up
super soon
definitely
because
yeah
we've got one due to come
so there is no date yet but as soon as there is we will absolutely let you know for definite
right on yeah definitely excited about that and uh yeah we just got to figure out the uh
just got to figure out the uh the date and the location and then uh plan on everything else
ahead of that so yeah hopefully uh this space next week will uh help contribute towards the
the answer to that question so yeah we're excited about that as well because that's the beauty of
this as well isn't it with um you know being able to kind of come together and host events and
connect with other communities it helps keep things moving and things growing and that's the
exciting part about the metaverse I find as well is uh it's such a good experience that only the
people have experienced it really know that um so the fun part is creating more of those experiences
so people have more opportunities to just to discover that for themselves um but there's so
many great content creators out there that i just don't think get seen enough to kind of show how
good the experiences are like quan when i saw your content over on tiktok it was just such good the
camera quality was good the editing was really good the way you speak was really good what you
showed was really good um the layout of the video was really good i was honestly mad impressed i was
like no way it's almost one of those moments where it's like how am i only just seeing this now
you know i felt i felt i felt i felt well behind so uh yeah i'm excited to to see more of your
content i'm gonna have a good look through it and uh i look forward to the content to come as well
because yeah mad appreciation for the uh the way that you are talking and also help teaching that
was another one that i was really impressed with was he was teaching people through your content
how to enter these environments you know what to do what it looks like what the experience is
that was brilliant as well and i think on a future level that's going to be really powerful
throughout the next couple of years as more and more people want to interact with these things
and don't know how so um definitely not only was it a quality watch but i think for the future as
well that's another thing as well and some people are kind of um have picked up on that that um
Apps like YouTube are already mad integrated into it.
And TikTok was a recent one where they're kind of tying in with Google so that when people search, you know, how to do A, B or C, not just YouTube content comes up anymore.
TikTok content comes up as well.
So creating that longer form content that kind of has a point to it and a breakdown of things can be really helpful later down the line as well.
And they're slower on the view count.
But that was a feature.
i remember being added onto tick tock were they were kind of trying to be more like youtube was
because i think youtube was like tick tock at the very beginning so like now the longer form content
and the full screen content as well is uh something they're kind of leaning towards for
um long-term use for those reasons as well so i thought that was impressive as well just
thought i could mention that bro thank you so much man uh really kind words bro and um
um yeah dude um I'm not gonna show anything about like my past and stuff I've always loved just
creating content and uh like helping people so that's kind of like where that like fuels you
know that where that fuel comes from and um honestly bro Decentraland kind of popped that
off for me like in this space um and you know funny enough like first interaction with like
web three blockchain or anything was a virtual music festival, which which is it just kind of
brings everything kind of full circle for me, especially being in like the space that I'm in
now with like, you know, wave wars and these like amazing communities and like the tech stack that
I've that I've built in my own virtual space and platform that I'm trying to that I'm trying to
cultivate and stuff. Music happens everywhere, you know, it can happen in your home, it can happen
in your speakers, you know, and it can also happen in the metaverse, you know what I mean? So
I think Decentraland is a perfect foundation for what I like to call like a third space,
which is like, you know, you have your home, you have work, and then you have like those places
in between like the bar or the pool yard or restaurant or Decentraland, right? So that's
what that's that's kind of what you know, that's where my that's where my head is with this as far
as like musicians go and the experience that we have like with music, because there's some amazing
things you can do with Decentraland, especially like in its current state, it's mobile. And,
And, you know, for for maybe like six or seven bucks, you can pick up a world that you can start building in, you know, and it's also they're big on everything that we're talking about as well, as far as like provenance and keeping things like decentralized and for the creator and stuff and giving you the actual tools to empower yourself and like build your world, you know, and however you want.
So that's super amazing news about Sinful and Kim pulling up.
Everybody, I recommend sharing this, you know, sharing that out with people,
getting more people involved with that spaces,
because that's going to be a fucking legendary space.
So, and Kim's amazing, just the way that she thinks as far as marketing
and the user experience, the player experience,
and just like everything in general.
She's a brilliant, brilliant mind.
And Sinful, of course, he's like been such a legend
in the community building, the Central Land community,
just through his spaces, through like his streams
and reaching out to all of these people to talk to
who like bring benefit to Decentraland ultimately
and benefit to the people who listen to his spaces and stuff.
So Match Made in Heaven, I think it's going to be huge.
Like, you liken it to like a wave horse battle or something,
but it's going to be a really, really fun and like informative event for sure.
So shout out to, shout out to COC and shout out to you, Thay.
Let's go. Thank you, bro.
Truly appreciate you saying that.
And I completely agree.
Absolute legends.
looking forward to connecting with Kim on the spaces we've never done that before so that's
really exciting and of course sinful we have and he seems like a really top dude a good guy really
cares about the community the community really cares about him and that's the awesome thing
about it and that's what gets me excited about all the you legends is how you all have your own
angle and creative element that you bring to the table that's unique to you but can contribute
towards the the bigger picture which is what's so awesome about it so yeah seeing a legend like
yourself being able to be so creative and and brilliant at making content is exciting for you
know the things you're participating in because of how you can showcase that to to other people
as well and uh yeah so i was just really impressed with it so it just got me excited thinking about
you know the wave wars stuff the the central and stuff and just as a fellow creator myself you know
I was looking at it and I'm looking forward to going through it.
I'm sure I'll learn some stuff as well,
which I'm looking forward to doing as well.
So that's another side of it as well.
But yeah, really excited about next week.
And I'll be making the post for that tonight
and we'll share it out.
So yeah, any love on that is truly appreciated.
And that's our goal as well,
is to just kind of, you know,
keep moving forward with other communities
and hopefully helping and getting the opportunity
to facilitate the conversations for these things
to help contribute towards everyone involved as well.
And hopefully, you know, the more support you get,
you know, the more reach you can acquire,
which with that reach you can find better opportunities
for greater conversations
and hopefully greater outcomes for everyone involved as well.
So that's an awesome element to it as well.
So we truly appreciate the support for that reason as well.
Yeah, thank you for saying that, Kwame.
We appreciate that, bro.
But Lit Studio has their hand up.
fire aware gg wait unless anyone else wants to say something oh no they can work you go
okay um i just wanted to add to what kwan was saying also um having these communities um and
just continuing the conversation and thanks to x and every other platform you guys use to kind of
have these spaces with people of all different creatives to really talk about the music industry,
the creative spaces, and like how to make things better for you guys and artists in general.
Because as a just a music listener lover, we don't know what like other than like mainstream
like artists go through and how difficult it is for independent artists and how much they have to
put in day in day out to really craft their music but then also get it to people so that
you know you can that so that they can like spread it around and share it with others and I think
when he was talking about something what reminded me is I I danced for like 20 plus years and so
So between the years of 2012 and 2018, YouTube was like, like dominated with choreography and choreographers posting videos and their steps and everything.
And what they were dealing with with YouTube especially was they their videos was were getting muted because of the copyright of the songs that they were using, like Chris Brown music, Beyonce music, all of those type of music songs and stuff.
And then what one of my favorite choreographers named Matt Stefania and his partner, Dana Alexa, what they started to do was they started to like to do remixes of the songs and contacting like smaller known artists to sing the songs.
And then like through that, they created like different types of communities and grew in that way because they were just like every time we post a video to like where we are showing like the choreography of the dance or something, it's getting muted because of the copyright issue.
And then he would go through like contacting somehow different people on YouTube and the artists and all of that.
And they would not budge about it when he's just posting a dance video on YouTube.
um and so but then you know that got him to think outside of the box and reach out to independent
artists or smaller known artists to sing the song and then like give them credit in the description
and also like grow in that and get them known to his dancers and then like word of mouth grows
and conversations and communities and all of that and then um it's just it just builds on and lives
on in that way. So yeah, continue with these community conversations and building and everything
because it's been such an amazing thing that I've been seeing on X. So I'm very fortunate to
to know all of you and just, you know, be a part of the community, even as just a small part.
let's go well said uh gg and thank you for your kind words as well and you definitely play a much
bigger part than you must realize um but yeah i totally understand how you feel about feeling the
part of something that feels so awesome um you know i completely feel the same as you on that so
So, yeah, I appreciate you and your view on it
and your support to the community as well
and the musicians you support
and, you know, your support for SteeLo as well
who's been absolutely monumental in the music space
and in the metaverse space as well,
which has been awesome to see.
And I know he's only just getting started as well,
which is exciting.
But, yeah, super excited about the future
and it's great to see everything come together
the way that it has done
and the way that it is doing as well.
So, appreciate your take on that.
yeah so thank you very much i also saw that the bacon sandwich is on the stage and in the building
bacon happy saturday sir how we doing bro
late as always uh now i just jumped in see what's happening see what's happening with the community
the chats the music the good times um and you know i think i think gg makes a lot a lot of
really good points in what she was saying there you know it's it's difficult for independent
artists to to make it out there um you know you kind of have to build your own community
these days it's um it's it's tough out there it's it's dominated you know the music industry
is dominated by big labels and big brands that will exploit music artists and you know
take 90 95 of the spoils and and leave the the music artists with with very little you know
spotify plays fractions you know pays fractions of a of a penny per 1000 songs played um it's
difficult for music artists to to to monetize their passion which which sucks because as a
consumer i love music but i also don't like having to pay for it um but i will also support those
people that I truly believe in so like people like for example Clejan for example um he releases
his music um he performs it live on TikTok almost on a daily basis and you know I'll I'll buy his
NFTs because I want to support him I like him as a person and I want to do what I can to support him
but it's difficult for independent artists out there you know if you're not signed under a label
where you're being exploited the alternative is to do it you're on your own and and that's not easy
um you know that there are some tools that are materializing to to make your life better um so
i think some good examples of that would be things like liquid nfts that we hosted last night
where you know it allows the music artists to monetize their passion and give the fandom a way
of having a fractional ownership of the artist um i see other other tools um things like oh god
what's it called now um uh you got things like band camp for example which allows independent
music artists to monetize their passion where they get all of the money there's no intermediary
taking their slice um you've got things like um oh god what's it called not not sonas uh
uh god i can't remember what it's called now but there's a there's another platform that's been
really good for helping artists to um reach more people where you upload your music on there and
you know you earn a cryptocurrency token granted not a lot of money unless you're really high in
the rankings so if you're like high on the charts and stuff you can do quite well and and some good
money from that but you know if you're not in that sort of top 10 top top five top three kind of
area it's difficult to to to make money you know from from your passion i think a lot of people
that don't realize the amount of work and effort and time that goes into creating these tracks for
people to enjoy um and i think it's only right that those artists are able to monetize that
you know to to help them continue doing what they do you know they're creative people and
I think a lot of creative industries have really struggled you know on the art side of things it's
hard to make it as an artist you know you may have some incredible pieces out there but it's
difficult to make money from that passion as a full-time job you know you need to work at Mackey's
to in order to to keep you know to pay the bills and pay rent because life is life is expensive
dude it's expensive to live these days you know more expensive than it was before which
means that as an artist and a creative you now need to find more ways of making more money because
you just can't do it now it's it's impossible when people get disenfranchised from that
um you know and then people will stop making those creative efforts because it's like what's the
point you know what's the point of me doing this thing because um you know i'm not able to keep
myself alive from from this thing so i'm gonna go and pursue something that does make me money
which means that that creative element and that art and that music does no
longer gets created and it sucks, but it's just the world that we live in.
Now, you know,
we live in this world of exploitation and this was this world of increasing
costs of things.
And it just, it makes things harder for, you know,
to live period for everybody, not just the music artists,
but I think those creators really, really struggle.
But I want to, I want to pass it over to, to Lich Studios.
I see what they're hand up on there.
Oh, no, I don't have my hands up. But great point all around. Because, yeah, I just wanted to add to that is when it comes to, you know, independent artists and, you know, balancing life and finances in their own life and paying bills and, you know, just trying to survive.
um you know sometimes it could come to a point where they have to make a choice um like how much
is this creative passion costing me and how much can I put into it and sometimes it's so sad because
you see somewhat of like of themselves like lose themselves in some way which is so sad because of
how much they can do with that passion that they have for it could be painting art making art or
just music or anything and but because of the world that we live in and the economy that we're
in um you know they have to do what they have to do just to live so you know i'm i'm just um
i just hope everything that you know stila was building with lit and um every other artist on
here that is you know contributing in any way um to the community and um trying to find new ways
for independent artists to make money and be somewhat of financially stable, even if they
have like day jobs. It's really like admirable to watch you guys, you know, continue to share ideas,
continue to bring in new platforms and share that and see how you use those tools to amplify
whatever you're trying to build. So just, you know, continue on, support each other. I think
the biggest thing that I've seen definitely is having a community definitely helps so that
you don't feel super alone when you're in that creative mode and you can like come back here and
talk to each other, share ideas, your frustration, figuring out a bug on the new app that you're
creating with Clotter or Poof or just anything. And so it's been great to see how you guys all
work together and support each other. I mean, we've been building this thing for about five
years now. You know, the whole ethos of what we do and why we do it is we want to shine a light
on the good people in the space. I think Graham last night, you know, kind of touched on the point
that there are many bad actors in this space that are looking to extract value. You know,
we like people that create value and we're in the business of shining a light on those people
that are doing those things um you know we're not saying hey go buy this nft we're like hey check
out this cool person building cool shit um so you know we want to shine a light on the people that
are doing those things to try and help them to go in the direction that they want to and to to
monetize their passion and to and to continue doing what they're doing because i think there's
so many people that do end up getting disenfranchised from this stuff where they feel like you know
their their efforts aren't um rewarded you know they aren't appreciated and you know and then and
then that that creativity flow stops and then and then i think the world you know is is a loss because
of that because it's missing that part of that person's creativity that was supposed to be in
the world but no longer is because they they need to keep themselves alive um you know they need
some people will start a family and now that takes up more of their time as you know they have to
take a job and that takes up their time and it's it's a case of like we want to try and shine a
light on people to help them to fulfill their destiny um and do the things that they were meant
to do um and that's that's kind of why we started this whole thing in the first place was to do
exactly that that thing um team do you agree do you agree with me team absolutely and you legends
make it easy because you're already shining where does what is kind of point to where the light's
coming from and that's that's the beautiful thing but uh you are absolutely right there
and i appreciate appreciate you saying that because that is the goal and you know we all
can play a different part in the this this overall um you know community of communities like and
that's not saying that as in pointing at us but just there's many communities there's many
different people but everyone's working together and everyone has a purpose to try to fulfill and
that's the beautiful part of it is being around other people that are on a similar path you might
not fully understand or see each other's vision but you know that you both have one and that
it's hard to be around people who can't see it so it's awesome to be around people that are on that
journey and can kind of recognize like the difference between someone that's trying to
pour into themselves to produce things and value for others um or someone that just you know has
it has an ego because that's the thing it's like i see that quite a lot is people will be like you
know i'm on a mission i'm doing this and people might try and see that as a negative but it's
just it's actually a positive trying to say that i believe in myself so that other people can
believe in me as well so i think that's really awesome as well so no you're spot on there as
well you know there is this um this thing is actually really really highlighted to me earlier
when i was having a conversation with my girlfriend um you know where we've got these advertising
companies or advertising efforts where you know someone would be employed um and given a script
and they would be asked to perform the script and they would be asked to you know give give that
information and and do that on camera the problem we have now is we've got ai that you can now give
that script to an AI and then give the AI a description of the things that you the way that
you want it to be presented and then you press the go button and then you get an output and you get a
video that then gets uploaded and then you know advertised and spent money on to push that out to
people but the problem is is that person that would have you know had that script and said those words
is now no longer being employed and I think the same thing's happening with music not quite to the
same degree because I think AI has got a long way to go when it comes to actual music because I think
a lot of music comes from emotion and feeling and experience which AI doesn't have. AI can create
great sounding music but it is lacking a soul, it's lacking that element of emotion and
history and storytelling where it comes from, when it comes from a person, it comes from
deep within their soul.
And these computers don't have a soul.
But I do feel like there is also a fighting battle against this AI music
because it is putting out, you know, great sounding things,
but it is lacking that little bit of soul on there.
I just want to pass the mic over to Paperhand.
I can see Paperhand's got their hand up on there.
Hey, yeah, I really, I'm about to bounce because I got to do the dad thing.
I'm a father or two, you know, I'm about to cook.
for the kids and for the wife and everybody, but, um, no,
I really can appreciate where I had, where everybody's heart is. I think, um,
one of the things that, um,
that even back in like 20, like 22,
a lot of what people were running into, like a lot of roadblocks, um,
and one of which was a powerful one, which is just a call to action. Right.
It's like, we, we can,
we can observe like okay this is a hard path everybody has got hardships in any kind of
creative venture even if they're creating with intention high quality everything right all of this
exists but we always have to put the onus even as creatives too and it doesn't mean that we're the
main demographic of what anybody is trying to create but we have to put the onus on ourselves
and those around us a lot of those a lot of times we can witness call to action calls to action
and you know is as hard or as aggressive as it might sound you know a like and a comment
is the farthest that most will do and a lot of times okay if i'm building out
a protocol or if i've got you know an interactive experience or or even like something that's
happening in the metaverse or whatever, like we should be trying to do everything we can.
Obviously not more than what you have bandwidth for, but you know, it's time to kind of give
yourself homework, give yourself homework and the people around you. It's like, okay, let's start
working from a point of accountability versus, you know, just intentionality. It's like, okay,
now I'm going to interact with three to five artists that I might not have interacted with
through certain platforms that I use on a daily basis.
And I don't mean social media.
I mean a music discovery platform, YouTube, anything like that.
So it's like, and, and, and really that's how you can exponentially like evolve word
of mouth almost overnight.
You and five of your peoples, you and 10 of your peoples, you go out and you're actually
showing the music that you mess with.
Not stuff that you not not just people that you can admire, but music that really resonates with you or or create adventure that really resonates with you actually show those around you.
Some people might not even be a part of what's going on.
They might not even really mess with Web3 or whatever.
But it's like, OK, how can we become part of that movement in real time?
you know and you never know like i know some cats that have grown a movement from six people
to two thousand in less than a year you know what i mean and it's not it doesn't it obviously the
the beginning process of that is not beautiful you know uh it's it's it's ugly sometimes just
like when you're growing out your hair you got that that awkward phase you look kind of crazy
you look kind of busted you know that it's the same it's the same concept you know what i mean
so it's like sharing what resonates with you with those around you that's that's a part of it like
you have to become part of the movement you got to charge those that's with you to be like hey we
we need to get on this we need to actually do this we need to put this in front of other people um
and and and really hey every time five to ten because here's here's the reality like three to
five every week or whatever. Here's the reality. What you go against as an artist, what I go against
as an artist is a platform and an entire machine. They actively will discredit you and remove you
from platforms that they use for using or the concept or even the perspective of you using a
bodded situation when they actively bot for the featured artists on their own platforms, right?
We're talking about DistroKid. We're talking about Spotify. You know, we're talking about real platforms that are being used.
And it's in the data, right? It's really there. So you have to you have to come up with, OK, am I going to put my stuff on DistroKid or am I going to find an alternative?
And then from there, you know, lots of people just want to use Spotify for convenience or they just want to use.
it's like i challenge you to find a different music discovery platform and actually put your
nose to the grindstone start using it you know it's it's not it's not it's not a pretty experience
because some of those times you're like man i can't find every single thing i want on here
but even establishing a playlist that you return to weekly right that can help more than you
anticipate and even showing other people yo i don't really don't support spotify because of x y
and z there's a laundry list of reasons why not to you know i've been trying to do this i've been
trying to i've been trying to find i've been trying to use a a platform like untitled to find
my music because it keeps each one of the projects that i really mess with in a nice neat bow um and
it gives me that nostalgic feel whenever i open up a new a new um you know project a new album
or whatever you know it's it's really just about that accountability you know and like constantly
asking yourself hey what can i do to change it because that change starts with at when you're
looking in the mirror you know and lots of y'all have already been a part of that experience for
lots of other artists or even people around you that are in a creative at that are in a creative
venue creative avenue right and i applaud you for that and it's it's it's one of those grinds it's
the same as an artist almost it mirrors that because just like they're constantly going to
the grindstone they're constantly going to the board going okay what am i going to do next what
do i want to make what do i want to do it's constant it's the same it's the same kind of
grind you know what i mean hey how can i how can i help break this cycle of of a machine right
being the only thing that i contribute to and and it's bigger than just one person it's not just you
or him or her or them or whatever.
It's all of us.
How are we consistently coming back every day going,
I got to get out of this machine mindset, right?
I can't support the machine.
We got to support the human aspect of it,
regardless of what they're creating, right?
If it resonates with you, do the homework, you know?
Do the homework.
And I just, I haven't met a lot of people on this,
in this space.
I know quite a few people that are here, but, and I'm going to bounce out.
I really am going to come to quite more of these because I didn't know that this was a thing until Zol let me know.
So I'll definitely be popping in.
And I see Zol.
I see Trey.
I see Lemon.
Obviously, Quan, he's come to a lot of my spaces, the Freestyle Friday spaces that I was hosting for like three years straight.
I'm just appreciative of you guys.
and I definitely will be popping in here again.
I just want people to remember that you have more power than you even know.
And sometimes you might even think you got more power than that.
You need to consistently be in that mindset.
Ego death is a powerful vehicle that one should always participate in.
But just remember how much you can change shit for the next person,
the next creative that steps into this realm by just the words,
just the actions you make on a daily, weekly basis.
Okay?
So just to just give yourself homework and participate in that every week and you can see in real time how much of a difference you'll make.
I appreciate you guys for real.
Big love, bro. Big love, honestly.
And I know you said that you was a dad of two before, but I disagree.
You're a super dad of two. Let's go.
What a legend. Appreciate you, bro.
Well, that's what I love about the Zao and Zal and Wave Wars
is exactly that vehicle for independent artists, musicians,
the human element, the keeping, the creativity and the togetherness
and the community element to it, which is so awesome,
which is why all these legends are here tonight in this space,
which we truly appreciate, is in honour of the Zao
and in honour of Wave Wars and the amazing things you guys do
as individuals as well and how you bring that to the collective so yeah no i appreciate um
appreciate you there paper and for saying that and uh for allocating your time and it's awesome
you're going to come back and if you are still doing spaces as well please let us know or share
them with us as well so we can we can come and support and participate in that as well
but yeah i appreciate your time and what you said there bro
absolute legend probably uh a good time to bring the space to a close
unless someone else has got some juicy bits
they want to add to the conversation.
Absolutely.
Just, you know, words no longer matter then.
How's that for timing?
I don't even want to ruin it.
Pristine timing, let's go.
Just let it go, yeah.
Shall I?
I'm just gonna record it too
Words no longer matter man
I'm going to add a little bit of the
!
I'm going to add a little bit of the
little bit of the  [repeated 26x, trimmed]
Thank you.
I'm going to go ahead and put it in the middle of the road.
do  [repeated 3x, trimmed]
I'm going to go.
Thank you.
I think my battery fell off inside my guitar after that.
There you go.
That's what it's all about.
Hey, great space.
Glad to be part of it.
Glad to be part of the COC.
You know, what's amazing is that so many communities that I've been part of for the last four or five years are, like, congregating.
it's nuts.
It's such a great thing.
Such a great,
great way to be here.
So.
Last thought,
I appreciate that.
Good people with good people,
man.
Yeah,
big love,
bro.
I appreciate that coming for you,
man.
What a beautiful song.
Like,
no one's going to argue that words matter when a song plays like that.
Phenomenal.
Honestly,
I totally understand why the song is called words.
It don't really matter.
No longer matter.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
no words are harmed in the making of this music i love it let's go no i appreciate that yeah that's
that you didn't even need the battery anyway that just that recharged all of us that's probably why
it fell off it was like yep i serve no purpose in this moment i'm gonna dip
but no i appreciate that that's awesome but a massive shout out as well to um
you know to the zao um and to wave wars for creating an environment for where musicians
and communities can come together the way they do,
where they've created a way for musicians,
the tooling, the place, the ability for musicians to make money,
to create experiences, to collaborate on socials,
in the metaverse, in real life.
You know, just absolutely outstanding.
And I know that Zal, no candy are on stage right now.
If you want to come up and say anything before we do call it night,
please do, you're more than welcome to.
But yeah, I mean, just looking at the community is testament enough
to whether or not it's a success or heading in the right direction
is all I can really say.
You know, so many great people, like you said, Blends,
so many talented people with sharp minds and an immense drive
for utilising today to create a greater tomorrow,
which has always been awesome.
So I appreciate all you legends for everything that you do.
It's exciting.
It's awesome to be a part of it.
And it's quite funny, actually, because I'll just say this last thing
before we wrap up.
But, you know, people in my IRL are starting to sort of like know that I do these things at the weekend because obviously they don't see me anywhere else.
And they kind of think I'm missing out. Oh, you need to get out more and, you know, live a little.
And I'm like, are you kidding me? I have the best conversations. I listen to the best music.
I have the best laughs from people all around the world.
We have experiences in virtual environments, physical environments, content.
it's not even explainable you know so it's quite funny how like how people will just assume that
you're you're missing out because you're not doing the generic things that just take time
cost money and drain our socializing batteries when this is so fulfilling and recharging so yeah
I appreciate you legends for that as well and the community can experience a lot of what you guys do
for no cost which is why I totally agree with what Bacon was saying earlier about people wanting to
buy the music because they like the song they like the artist they want to support them they
like literally want to give them the funds that they feel that they deserve to continue doing the
cool creative things that they're doing and i think that is when you know it's the right thing
and heading in the right direction so yeah appreciate that we get to play any part in this
at all and uh that we're surrounded by so many legends as a result of that so yeah we will um
bring the space to an end it's been phenomenal we've been blessed with great music great people
great conversation once again so we're truly grateful for that we're super excited about the
um the space next week with uh decentraland and the decentraland community and the zao as well
so that's really exciting and looking forward to the direction in which the coc concerts will be
heading but more importantly um it's amazing to talk to us all again and candy about the zao
um zao stock zao festivals and all the creative and great experiences that have been created
through the zao has just been absolutely outstanding and i know it's only just getting
started it's just the beginning and uh the way that you guys talk through ideas and bring things
to fruition is like something i've never seen anywhere on the planet so you know well done for
that as well it's uh it's absolutely outstanding and the fact that you guys are at a point where
you've got to create tools to keep going it is the most gangsterous thing you could ever even say
so yeah that is the best most um awesome flex in all of time so yeah keep smashing it and uh
keep moving in the right direction but yeah so um yeah shout out to you all shout out to candy
shout out to hurricane another absolute legend our most favorite space host on x um absolute legend
um followed by dutchess as well who i believe is the funniest person on the internet and it ain't
even close there is uh she needs to be a comedian if she hasn't been or becoming one just as a side
gig just just because she could um i think she would find herself highly successful just in that
place alone i would absolutely pay years year subscription up front people just throw money
at that go do it and uh that would be awesome yeah i've never laughed more in my life than uh
when she's uh when she's on one i love it so yeah one of a million things i could say so i appreciate
you all for being yourselves like i was saying before but yeah we will call it a night thank you
so much oh zald is on the stage let's go zald is if there's anything you want to add um please do
and uh yeah sorry i didn't see you though i was about to just go no thanks everyone for joining
in i just appreciate everyone and the vibes always electric you're a goat zol
I had to let that resonate
because that is absolutely facts
if someone doesn't clip that
and use that as
an intro to an absolute
banging dance song I'll be disappointed
in all of you musically gifted individuals
you're a goat
dubstep tune
hey it's a recorded space we can make it happen
gg's like i know i shouldn't have unmuted my microphone i should have just kept quiet
well uh it's too late now
that's it you should you should have thrown him the uh the butter in the crumpets as well that
would have made a number one hit globally but yeah um no thank yous all i don't know if there's
anything else you want to add or to throw into the mixer before we wrap it up but yeah you are
the go you're a legend you've done phenomenal things and i know you're only just getting started
but yeah absolute ultra fan from here over in england on the tiny little pebble in the middle
of the ocean but yeah we'll go around the room and get some closing remarks sorry however i cut off
there um well i also just wanted to say that i rev like i see you all over x with such positive
words of affirmation for like everyone so thanks for hosting and you know um you're also a goat
i think everybody here is a goat way worse candy kwan miss edie like everybody um i'm just naming
people i kind of know personally but everyone else and oh duchess she's there too um and yeah
so thank you guys all so much thank you i appreciate that and uh yeah there are many
many goats in this in this building so thank you so much and i appreciate that you factored me into
that i appreciate that very much i'll pretend like i didn't go bright red and start blushing but uh
anyway swiftly moving on uh no thank you so much we'll uh we'll go around the room we'll get some
closing remarks you guys are epic can i play a song on the way out i'll go switch over to my
computer real quick i got yeah yeah absolutely we're all talking all these fun things absolutely
we'll go around get some closing remarks and we'll finish with you so you can say what you want to
say and then you can play us out but uh yeah i just wanted to touch on what you said about
the vibes always been electric and only you legends could have an electric vibe even through
an acoustic guitar so i just thought that was a t-shirt i might make in the future and
just me wearing it walking around england casually but uh yeah appreciate that but yeah
Eva, do you have any closing remarks?
Of course I do.
Just thank you everyone for showing up.
Amazing space as always.
We love our music spaces with the Zao.
And y'all could be anywhere in the world
and you're right here with us.
We've been doing this for years and years and years
and you're still showing up.
So thank you.
Have a good weekend, y'all.
Let's go.
And I know that we obviously know
you're a bit more personal than everyone else.
So I appreciate you being here with all the things you've got going on
because if people knew a fraction of what you were doing,
IRL as well as here as well,
people would be amazed that you're even here at all.
So thank you so much for being so committed
and still showing up and doing these things
whilst doing 16 other things simultaneously.
Yeah, got a lot going on.
Spent the day with my bestie of 35 years
and celebrated some birthdays and having a good time.
But listening in and enjoyed the music.
But yeah, y'all have a good one.
let's go celebrating birthday your birthday by any chance both of our birthdays but yep
let's go happy birthday miss evie or if happy belated birthday or happy early birthday
a couple more days but thank you i appreciate it happy birthday absolutely
yes happy birthday thanks y'all i know i know it's your birthday month it's funny because
the other day i was like trying to i couldn't remember what day it landed on and i was like
scrolling through prior conversations thinking i've got to have said it at some point in the
last five years but uh yeah i was trying to figure out the exact day so i didn't miss it
be a happy happy pre-birthday birthday eve thank you i appreciate it y'all y'all making me feel
special.
Because you're all special.
You're freaking right.
We all are.
Happy birthday, goat.
Yeah.
And for us, the old goats, here you go.
Yeah.
well that's legendary
let's go it's great being part of this man i and i can't wait to to spend some time with zol
in in his land in the zow stock zone it's going to be great and uh yeah you're going to be seeing
some fall colors if you can make it up there try I mean it's pretty rare for it to kind of coincide
because you know Maine it has legendary fall colors and you know beginning of October is
prime and we're only going to be 30 minutes from Acadia National Park which is also in that
zone you just read it read about it it's it's that good and so yeah that and well i can't wait
for uh next week uh seeing you guys on uh yeah what is is it gonna be uh in cbd or are you gonna
be with um him on what is it uh beyond the nft that is sinful we're hosting it on on rx like
like we are right now.
So it's,
it's one of our spaces.
It may be in,
it may be being streamed in there as well.
Through,
through him.
I'm not a hundred percent sure,
but,
but yeah,
it's definitely,
it's going to be here on X.
Do you have a,
a link for it yet?
I'm going to make it right after the space.
Three.
It's going to be,
yeah.
As soon as the space finishes,
I'll make the link and I'll share it out.
And I'm happy to DM it to you as well,
if you would like me to.
Absolutely.
Let's go.
let's go thank you bro that is awesome appreciate you my friend very much and uh yeah definitely
excited about next week but uh yes so we'll uh continue the um the farewells and then we will
go to zoll at the end so um kwan you absolutely ultra legend do you have any closing remarks uh
yeah guys uh congratulations to everybody in the room uh for being absolute fucking legends
and uh being future zillionaires uh because each and every one of you matter your ideas matter
your creativity matters and the space that you're in right now matters you know um you know you're
not here for for for any reason um you know everything happens for a reason you're on the
right path keep going keep sharing your music keep inspiring you know i'm saying keep being inspired
and uh yeah dude let's fucking go
let's go you heard it from the quantum legend himself appreciate you bro thank you very much
and uh yeah thank you for your energy and efforts and everything you're doing as well and everything
you've done and uh contributing towards these spaces the way that you do bro it's truly
appreciated so yeah thank you very much super excited about next week and uh yeah been an
awesome space thanks to you legends of course and that shout out to zaul and the zaul and
um wave wars as well of course but uh i know we've heard from felenz and his um little army of
goats that are just casually standing in his front room just ready to speak on cue which
is quite impressive so fair play to you and those um but yeah
i'd never get bored of that oh that's awesome i'm here for you man
thank you bro right on cue say words words no longer matter
take it from the go let's go but uh yeah gg do you have any closing remarks
um not really but i just saw stormy join the space um thank you all for such an informative
knowledgeable and just supportive conversation um and just shout out to stormy because she just
joined and she's i'm not sure i'm sure you guys know her she's from wave wars and everything she
supports everyone talks to everyone and you know tells great stories she's hilarious in the wave
space and the spaces that she hosts herself um playing her own music and other artists music
to kind of amplify everybody everybody's ideas so shout out to her let's go yeah no one's allowed to
um to know stormy they have to absolutely love her as well there's no just knowing knowing stormy so
yeah we absolutely love stormy shout out to stormy she is a legend ultra awesome immensely gifted
and definitely someone that you couldn't just know.
You'd have to love her as well.
So, yeah, thank you for highlighting her entrance
and thanks for being here, Stormy.
I appreciate you as well very much.
She is coming on stage as well.
Let's go.
Stormy, how are we doing?
Happy Saturday.
Happy Saturday to you.
And I just want to say, now,
today I don't come just representing myself
or wave wars i come representing fat music and the animated reanimated undead so i just want to say
we support you and anything you need you just let us know
let's go thank you stormy we appreciate you very much and uh yeah thank you for being here and doing
what you do as well and uh it's been a phenomenal space and it's been an amazing vibe and the
community of wave wars and is always the greatest and it's a privilege to be a part of it so yeah
thank you so much and thank you for coming up as well we appreciate that we are bringing the space
to a close i think we've got closing remarks from everyone i see kristin is on the stage as well i
don't know if you're able to talk on that bro if you are and you have any closing remarks you're
more than welcome to do so i know you you've probably got 458 527 tabs open as well um but
if you're able to speak you are more than welcome to so if you can find what tab we're on
christian being christian but i can speak i just don't want to
it's too busy it's too busy changing the world one one click at a time the man honestly has done
so many things and uh does so much for the coc behind the behind the scenes um most of what you
see he's partaken in and most of the most epic things we've been privileged enough to be able
to accomplish he's played a huge part in as well so if you can hear us we love you bro and appreciate
you very much and are very grateful for everything you do to contribute and um the way that he
supports everything that we're doing as well is second to none so yeah legend appreciate him very
much and shout out to um to crypto tony as well the bacon sandwich um angry andy and miss evie
those guys work hard every day z3 as well of course um they do a lot of amazing things and
it's awesome to have a great bunch of people work together as a team it's really what makes this
what it is it's like what you guys are doing with the music and the community and how you all come
together it's just phenomenal experience but yeah i'll shut up now it's been an awesome space you
guys made it what it is shout out to crypto Tony as well always doing again
four thousand things at once and always finds time for us so I appreciate you
bro you're a legend and yeah Zal if you have any closing remarks then I know you
said you wanted to play us out but again
Where the models at? Just where they pop models at?
Bad bitch, worse mouth, still invited though She don't need a man, she need a rider and a boat
Yo, Candy Where the models at? Just where they pop models at?
Get your chips up, broke talk, kill a move We ain't outside, we were outside, gotta prove
Water on the skin, liquor and a laugh She said she don't dance, she just throw it like a flag
Jet ski leanin', somebody hold my chain This ain't a late day, this a lawsuit with a name
Sun hit the water, made the whole thing blink
She stepped on the dock, made the boat overthink
Fine enough to make a rich do budget
Attitude nasty, but the picture come lovely
She said don't record and adjust it to pose
That's not a red flag, that's a rose with a cold friend
Look mean, that's security beauty
Got a mouth like trouble and a body like beauty
I ain't say love, I said life look better with a wet white tee
In a bed I did together, coolant full of sin
Ice got baptized, she said one more shot
Shot, now the truth got capsized My homeboy drunk, still giving instructions
Both got motion, but the doc got assumptions He yelled candy like a pastor at Revival
Models appeared like he typed in the title Yo, Candy, where the models at?
Where they poppin' bottles at?
Bad bitch, worst mouth, still invited though She don't need a man, she need a rider and
a boat Yo, Candy, where the models at?
Where they poppin' bottles at?
Get your chips up, broke talk, kill the mood We ain't outside, we were outside, got a bet
ski Cut the water like rent, cut checks
She held on tight, now my ribs got that Toad her drop slow, she said, boy, don't panic
Then leaned in my ear with a voice full of damage
Her ex keep callin', phone doin' cardio, she ain't pick up
That's a body blow, caption said, peace But the night got warrants, her crew too loud
for a quiet performance I don't chase hoes, I stumble into classics
One bad decision turned cinematic
She brought a friend with a felony waste
Now the whole damn section got a court day face
Candy got models, duchess got bottles
Still who got theories and none of them logical
Somebody car died, somebody's pride lived
Somebody lied, bout the vote bein' his
Get your chips up, this ain't group therapy
You can't stand close, smellin' like jealousy
She don't like cheaps, she allergic to average
You brought conversation, we brought damages
Yo, Candy, where the models at?
Where they poppin' models at? Bad bitch, worse mouth, still invited though
She don't need a man, she need a rider and a boat
Yo, Candy, where the models at? Where they poppin' bottles at?
Get your chips up, broke talk, kill the mood
We ain't outside, we were outside, gotta prove it
Get your chips up, quit starin' at the section
Get your chips up, she don't want suggestions
Get your chips up, both still slide it
Get your chips up, whole night got priors
Night got thick, everybody got selective
Same girl quiet and loud and expensive
She said I'm classy, then stood on the couch
That's not a contradiction, that's ranging us out
Bartender tired, still pourin' ambition
DJ ran it back like he owed us tuition
The room got hot, but the flow stayed cold
That one's outside with a story untold
I'm not the hero, I'm the reason for edits
Tag me in the post, don't tag me in the credit
She said you trouble, I said spell it right
Then lost the whole plot somewhere near midnight
Tomorrow got bills, tonight got bounce
One more bottle, let the accountants count
Candy found models, but just found proof
At a summer anthem, just me one loose too
Get your chips up, stop blocking the view
Bad bitch laughing like the rent went through
Jet ski park crooked, club still lit
Whole night stupid, but the hook makes sense
Yo, Candy, where the models at?
Yo, that's where they got models at
Bad bitch, worst mouth still invited though
She don't need a man, she need a rider and a boat
Yo, Candy, where the models at?
Yo Dutch, where they poppin' bottles at?
Get your chips up, bro talk, kill the mood
We ain't outside, we way outside, gotta prove
Where they poppin' bottles at?
Get your chips up!
That was epic.
Let's go.
Thank you, everybody.
Thank yous all.
If you've got anything to say, say it now.
If not, I will close the space down.
You guys were legendary.
That was epic.
By the way, I don't know who created that,
but that was awesome.
That was by Benny featuring Stilo.
and basically well silo didn't work on the song but he used all of the phrases that he uses in
the wave war space and so i don't know every time that song comes on i remember the um the first time
that it was played during like one of wave war's evening like battles and he played it and like
the whole space was shook so thanks all for playing it today
let's go well that was legendary um that is absolutely ultra awesome and uh
brilliantly done i must say so well done and thank you for the breakdown of that as well gg i
appreciate that but uh but yeah it's been an amazing space you guys are legendary we'll
definitely be doing this again soon and look forward to it we'll see you legends next week
if we don't see you in the tuesday metal house space is hosted by miss evie at 9 p.m uk time
but thank you for being here thank you for supporting thank you for being here you are
and a big shout out to the zao and to wave wars and zao stock and zao festivals as well so
have a great rest of your weekend make sure you take some time to rest appreciate you legends
and we'll catch you legends next time so let's go thank you zao thank you everyone
have a great rest of your weekend big love and let's go
Thank you.
