Thank you.  [repeated 3x, trimmed]
what's up bro have i shown you this i don't think i've i don't know if you've seen this bro
oh hold on hold on i was like what the fuck you can see me
yeah this is terrible let me just send you a picture i can see it let's go
yay canon made this that's awesome dude bro it's so sick so he's gonna run back uh he's gonna run
the zao cards sick yeah and i think he has a great like he's super pushing that envelope and
wants to push it so i think it'll be a great place for like he's super excited to talk to you work
with you do stuff on the zao card stuff with you whenever you have like some time bandwidth and
like design stuff with you because i think he's got a crazy bite of his own but if you like
give him a couple thoughts ideas and any designs bro he'll go crazy with it so i think when we get
chance that's another good opportunity oh awesome hell yeah that sounds great freaking um so wait
am i gonna be talking to your back or do you have a script do you have a video of fun i know right
yeah no let me see if i can get this hilarious you're good it's good to see you bud and it was
on the wrong microphone too i gotta keep there we go much cleaner how much better hey
bro um iman's been cooking me up some real good songs and dj beats and stuff and i've been really
excited to play with stuff i need to figure out how to put samples and stuff in the board and use
the board as well so i want to do that at some point today too but um let's go with your questions
first let me go downstairs let me see if i can get this uh another view too you're good bro
honestly and if it i see myself it's kind of funny
let's see here maybe i can get down to that
dude i would love for you to come up and visit by the way in maine sometime
hell yeah man because uh if you come up well if you come up for a weekend i think we could get you
a gig potentially even if it's um like something small just so like that we can have some stuff
here recorded locally before they can be really cool yeah no for sure um let me see because i
could talk to steve about having it at that bar so nice okay um what am i here yeah we're setting up
um yeah let me take a rip too and do some projection mapping
and then yeah because the walls aren't on right now okay
then i'll pull up obs on my computer too so we can start playing
Yeah, there we go.
Thank you.
I don't know.  [repeated 3x, trimmed]
Maybe I turn out the projector and stuff?
Mm-hmm.
Or a computer?
Are you guys unplugged or anything?
I didn't plug anything. I was... no, definitely.
Come on. And then you unplug the HDMI, right? Why?
I didn't do that.
It makes no sense.
There's no browser. Not me.
I didn't plug the thing.
Why don't I unplug it?
Is this all on the car, by the way?
Huh?
Is this all on the car?
Yeah, he's... it's all on the car.
We're figuring things out right now.
Are you doing performance?
Well, I'm doing... he's helping me out with it, yeah.
I was like, I'm sorry.
Yeah, of course.
Where's the camera?
I'm sorry.
What you playing?
Battlefront 2.
What, PS2?
No, PS2.
Oh, way cool.
Yeah, PS2's way better than the PS2.
Way cool.
Is this crazy?
Is this crazy?
This is uneasy, I don't get it.
I don't get it.  [repeated 17x, trimmed]
get it
the
now is now one of you types of better computer
correct
you think that's just
pretty
that well that's yo yo yo you set this up over here
Oh
Sorry, it's cold.
So I can get out of there.
Doctor.
Yo, yo, yo.
Turn these lights off.
Okay.
I don't know.
I'm going to have friends on so I can't hear you.
I'm going to turn on this video so that the effects are on.
Oh, someone pushed the screen.
Right.
That was a quick fix.
Activating projection map.
Okay. That's cool as shit, bruh.

See here, and then put my headphones on.
Well, it's good. So can you see... Okay, so it's projection mapped properly now, hopefully.
I think that's cool as shit, though.
Nice, thank you.
So I was thinking about something where it's like I can map maybe my head and put an eye right here in the middle.
But Nisi was like dogging on it hardcore.
Yeah, that's a little too much though.
At the beginning.
It's fun.
So let's see.
It's so hard to tell on my side, but is the AR and all that stuff, is that like flipped or is that right side?
What?
Do you see where I have the AR skin here and stuff like that?
Yeah, my face is just over it.
Why, what?
Oh, yeah, your face.
Is it flipped or is it like?
No, I see the words AR skin here.
Okay.
How about right here?
Is it better?
Like that?
Yeah, but that's a bit more in the way for you.
Yeah.
Put it in the top right.
top right
top left
are you doing this at OBS
yeah
and then you're using OBS camera
uh huh
like a virtual camera
right
uh huh
and so I can move it
anywhere
so you said top right
yeah
sometimes people put stuff in the top right
so I don't know
there you go
I look alright to you
not too much in the way
and then let me turn this you might be able to get away with making it smaller
the smaller he still scan it i that's what i'm asking like make it smaller about that
that works fine make it smaller sweet
I could make the graphic look better too.
I can kind of make it look just flooding and hovering.
Yeah.
Let's see.
Right now, I just have the QR code up.
Kind of ugly, but.
Yeah, this works too.
Nice.
Sick.
So like, yeah.
it might be harder
but it works
this is on a laptop
screen
a little smaller too
no but like
I think you're good is what I'm saying
I'm saying a laptop
screen really small
sizing as it is if anyone's on
a TV or anything definitely
it'll be bigger
any monitor will be bigger
any laptop screen that's like
this isn't even like
This is a 13-inch, but this is the most high-level screen.
Fuck yeah.
Okay.
Perfect.
Amazing.
Okay, so then make that cooler.
Do we have a note-taker on right now?
It's just recording total.
I probably just parse it through my own note-taker after in a sense.
I think I can put my note-taker on.
You're welcome to.
Yeah, go for it.
yeah yeah yeah do it up okay so did i tell you about my camera by the way i've been loving it
i got all the shots with god cloud with it oh sick so most of the shots are drone shots honestly
which was sick it was a lot of you you met up with god cloud yeah yeah yeah two weeks ago
we did a coc concert so it was called the day in the life of god cloud
nice let's go
so it was a lot of fun
and I got Smoke Wavy connected with him as well
so which was great that's what I've been meaning to do
for a long time dude sick
do they live close to each other
yeah I mean they both live in Rochester
oh fuck yeah there we go
fucking let's go
good I'd love
to see God Club man such a good dude
yeah you just go to his
account and watch some other clips it's been hilarious
turn on the light real quick
hey William
turn on the light for me real quick
yeah
I just scheduled a meeting exactly an hour from now
so
okay
which one do you want me to turn on?
it's alright I got it with this one
What's up William?
Zol says what's up?
What's up Zol?
I hope you're doing good.
Zol says I hope you're doing good.
I'm doing pretty good right now.
Yeah what are you doing for the summer?
I said you have to ask him.
What are you doing for the summer?
Zol wants to know.
William.
yeah what are you doing for the summer zola wants to know i can imagine that
i do a lot of um like you know technology stuff technology stuff for instance i'm going to turn
i love them raspberry pi 4 that i built into that sarah gaming machine
like a 256 gigabyte sd card i'm gonna transform that into gaming beast because i found out by
using my ECF, which I'm going to give to my girlfriend, that this operating system, Batocera,
is really lightweight and allows me to go ahead and play up the PS2 on the ECF. And with
that, I was like, okay, if that's the case, then I should go ahead and get, you know,
that's Eric my red pipe board because if what you see up people ahead and run
PS2 so what came up been looking my own right by four which is double the specs
to do that now my veras bring my help doing things with it I'm excited about
that is also as a raspberry pi as well that's cool
need help with it and he says if you need help with it he knows no i need help with it oh
it's all i need help with it yeah i can help yeah i wouldn't mind we got it
you want me to help if you want me to go ahead and turn into a computer
so you can put um like raspberry um like pi operating system and if you want to have
if you want to have um like uh like if you want to like make it into like
gaming system then you can go ahead and put patocera on it which will be like the ultimate
like gaming for you to make that's awesome i think you should help me uh set mine up i have the
i have it on and stuff i just haven't like installed any cool things yet on it and using it
so you should uh send me some cool um documentation and i'll play around with it and try it out
Yeah, so what do you want to do with it, though?
There's this thing called...
I'm not forgetting the name of it.
PyWare or PyBlock.
But it blocks all ads on your ISP, on your router.
And it's basically running a local server on your Raspberry Pi.
It's a specific Raspberry Pi tool, too.
So it's like a setup for the Raspberry Pi.
I'm forgetting what it's called.
but I also wanted to use it as like a server that I can plug into and remote
into when I want to, to run like, let's say an AI node of some sort.
Oh, okay. Gotcha.
So I would recommend is like its operating system to be the, um,
Raspberry OS, I think that's what it's called.
Which model do you have?
Uh, two, I think. I don't know, here.
uber 2 is old for B yeah but um but it's cool that you're making it into a game
system so you basically just install the application on it and wherever you bring
it you can plug it into a monitor and then use it as a gaming system well
Currently, I have it as a portable one, but you can also plug it into a monitor.
So if it's portable, how do you play the game?
So basically what I would do is I would either connect a controller or I would get a wireless controller and just connect it that way.
But how are you visually seeing the game?
That's what I'm asking if it's portable.
oh basically um it has its own little screen and it has a battery pack and like a little like cube
basically but it has like a dragon head like the little stand for it is like a raspberry pi
or if i could if i uh if you want me to i could send you a picture of what it looks like
yeah that's interesting and you can just you know bring it anywhere you want it's pretty
good battery life or you can go ahead and plug it into um like you know like a tv so you have
like a big screen that's cool yeah that's cool i'll have to look into it yeah i'll show you a
picture so when i get my um 206 gigabyte sd card that's exactly what i'm gonna do i'm just gonna
go ahead and you know plug it in there with the battle sera and then get usb stick and just put
all the roms on there that's cool yeah and with battle sara you can also do window applications too
so i'll be able to put like pretty much anything i want in there as long as i have storage for it
i can play it because it has like the same same specs as my old computer which were which was
pretty good i think the only thing that's like different is probably the gpu the gpu is integrated
but everything else is pretty good so i'd be able to probably run some um decent games on there
like up to like ps3 and stuff well not ps3 emulation but you can play ps3 games
so probably be able to like play like gta 4 gta 5 all of that
very cool
dude it was good to catch up
you know
let me know what else you're doing with the pie
mmhmm
yeah I'm excited to get this
thing to work cause that would be cool
excited for summer and to be down in middle school
actually
how about this why don't we actually just turn
into a full on handheld
shh shh
no no no hear me out
hell yeah bud
they make the sets but they're clunky
you make your own set
yeah it's definitely going to be clunky
that's wrong with that huh
I've been getting really good at the 3D
printing stuff I'll tell you what
I gotta show all my new printer
it's incredible
make all the little
buttons and stuff
and then I'll just buy button parts that I need
I want to get like clicky buttons kind of like that controller right there that's what I kind
of want to use mm-hmm that the controller I want to use like those kind of buttons feel it real
quick like the buttons yeah you know as a cookie and stuff huh that's what I want to have where's
Here's my phone.
And then you can just get like micro HDMI to HDMI,
plug it into the TV, and you can play games on there.
And just go ahead and whatchamacallit,
like you can hook up your own controllers onto it as well.
That's my idea.
Yeah, shake this up.
Yeah, there we go.
Okay, where is it?
Let me switch cameras.
There it is.
Check it out.
Oh, that's super cool.
You got a window and everything.
Got a dryer box.
And then all of this now, multiple filaments.
yeah that's super sick we have one at work and what they've done is they've
printed filament rolls yes you can like extend it out and like you send it so
they can pick and choose I'll send you a picture and the new setup now the
projector projecting onto the walls and that's William
myself done all that
and then
that's running the Resolume which is
projecting that
onto the wall
and yeah
new setup, new shit
and I feel
really good about it and
had Phil help me learn the trade
and now
we got it for precision
I want to be one of them
so yeah there you go
Oh gosh, it's still going on.
It's coming out of the audio on your phone, maybe?
Yeah.
Okay, so this is all down to the seam of all the different phone.
It's all lined up.
That's cool.
Learned how to do that with any situation now.
And just now, maybe one more powerful projectors
and more bigger walls and we're going to be cooking uh because really what i've discovered
is that video editing directly translates to resident and live video editing that you see
like down here and so i mean they're like one of the same so once i figured that out i got that and
the hardest part of all this is making the visuals and so and that's why like you know you have a
technician work with the artist but now because I have the whole full stack I
control the whole thing I'm the artist that I can also be the technician to
set it up to so yeah I just want to fucking just rip on some big-ass
buildings and shit yeah man and here and the headphones back on real quick
Okay.
And...
Back on. Okay. Cool, cool.
Can you hear me?
Yes, sir. Awesome.
Okay, so yeah, we're freaking...
Tour of the...
Remodeling of the studio.
Hell yeah, that's awesome.
Practicing on this
flute too.
Been a big part of...
The changeup.
See here, have this come through on this side.
So with that concert flute, I can get all 12 pitches,
and then I can do a lot of stuff with it.
So I've been beefing myself up on that, getting my chops back on there.
And then, of course, the Native American flute,
because it has just that signature sound.
But yeah, I don't think the reverb is coming through.
I think you're hearing it mostly on my mic instead of this one.
I think you're right, yeah.
So how do I get samples on this, Bad Larry?
Samples where?
On the Pioneer.
Oh, yeah.
So the Pioneer is going to just be your controller.
Controls everything.
You're going to have to get all those samples pre-made.
and then in your project files where you're gonna have all that set up.
And here there's a cool app I just found out. Geek showed me it. It's called
Sample. You want to get that extension on your Google Chrome. You can sample any
audio coming from Chrome sick yeah super easy name to yeah that's sick I just
searched sample it was the first thing like yeah it's sick dude is it's no joke
too it gets it like super high quality captures it and it's what's coming out
of your computer right yeah yeah what's whatever you're playing it can settle
it. That's cool.
What's the question
you have about recording?
What happened?
What are the questions you have about recording
that you want to try out and rock out?
I'm trying to get these sounds.
Is the sound coming through good?
Yeah. I can talk here,
but then this is Judy Reverb.
Yep.
Is it louder now?
Is it louder?
It could be louder.
It could be louder, okay.
Next up there.
On the reverb one, yeah.
Okay.
Okay.
So then another thing too is how would we do a thing where you could respond to people
while I'm performing?
and like what's the hookup for that?
I don't know what the best way to get audio feedback to you is,
but like what people in like – so what do you do normally, just Instagram?
Yeah, I mean I'm testing it out really, figuring it would be the best
and also would be easiest to hook up through.
So far Instagram has just been the easiest.
I'm trying to think of the best way to give my audio feedback to you back,
or maybe it could just be text feedback.
Yeah.
Also, is there a way to just add you like an account manager?
I don't know how Instagram Live works.
What about StreamYard?
Yeah, StreamYard would work because you could add me.
In there, I don't I think we both have to have the same email. So you might want to do a stream there
So we can both log into it
We both log into it as admins. I think it would work because that's what it sounds like on IG and boss do so
Okay, that was just expensive. So that's why I use restream
Okay, every stream for the Henry stream is also expensive, but it's like yeah, they're expensive
I was seeing this like per week.
A green box month.
Wow.
Yeah.
That's not cheap.
No.
So, yeah.
What about maybe OBS somehow?
Like a plug-in?
Okay.
So, Meld.
Meld Studio is what you want to look up.
It's basically like an OBS, but it also lets you do infinite outputs, I think.
Or at least up to you.
Meld Studio.
Okay.
Let's see.
It's loading now.
That's nice.
Okay, cool.
Pricing.
Oh, no.
How much is it?
It's free.
Unlimited Spark request.
Wait, what?
No.
So.
Oh, let me see your...
Oh, I see.
Twitch.
Okay.
Okay.
Or you can ask a chat to general.
I can share with you mine.
Okay.
Here, let me.
Let me share it.
Oh, there we go.
Let me just slow.
All right.
Can you see my screen?
Yeah.
Over here on the right you can actually add in multiple outputs.
You can add in any of these or custom RTMP, which is most everything else.
And just like OPS go live, record clip.
Few less features, but everything is there.
Everything is there.
If you are sharing a screen, one of the things that I found that's a little hard to find is somewhere in there is an audio.
Yeah, add an audio track for the source.
This button is what gets, like, when you talk for your audio to come in here.
Okay.
But you can take, like, multiple scenes here.
You have different layers here.
You have your audio mixer here, but then you have a couple.
I don't know what the whole Spark thing is, but this is, I guess, cool if it has AI integration.
I was thinking about this, but I'm actually literally in the process here.
Let me share with you another screen.
I think you'll like this.
So you'd be able to respond to everyone through that?
I think we could be in such a way where I'm in each call.
The challenge is there's no unified, what's it called?
There's no unified, once you start multi-streaming,
Restream does a pretty good job between YouTube, X if you're paid, and Twitch.
And I guess Instagram would work as well, well over there,
where I believe all of those comments would all come in in one place in the Restream.
and if we're both on the same email with Restream,
which is what we do for Wave Wars,
then anyone can come in as a host
and also change things up.
That's why we really like Restream as well
is Sam, while Hurricane's just talking and stuff,
will pull up when he's talking about one of the other things
or there's a lull in the conversation
or something is in between happenings.
There's things that you can pull up, like animations and whatnot.
Oh, cool.
And layers.
So the ability to switch scenes and stuff,
that's all stream art or restream, I think, we would need.
Okay.
I can show you what restream looks like actually here as well.
But one of the things I want to show you while we're here is...
Because there's also maybe a way to give you remote access.
And then when we do the lives,
you could just like, you know, pop in there.
So this dude, we were talking about OBS open source with LLMs.
OBS is open source.
OBS with LLMs.
And he was like, oh, that was from before, I guess, actually.
so I said
good morning let's chat
he said it's 3am
said no worries
I said if you have any files or ideas
I'll start to build a spec
chat more tomorrow 90% of the effort we did is
really bad
put a lot of effort into the stuff we'll get for free
right now
working on building
with a lot of web2 streamers
so he said we'll use live kit
here's what I did a little bit about it
um and then he's gonna he's on vacation until 6 2 but let's jump on a call soon so we might be
jumping on a call today nice so yeah this seems like a really good opportunity to like
you want to do and make an ai out of body agent to like also do those things that you that would
be amazing right exactly so i don't even have to be there right i think that's why we should build
towards that right that i agree i mean because there's nothing that's built really well honestly
that's the issue hey i mean and it's dude okay so i really appreciate where you're thinking about
this too but i mean yeah that that would be amazing and then and then it could have like
predefined yeah and then kind of just like people are already doing the like ai agent streams but
it's basically just like the shitty avatar and like that's all it does and it's just a 24-7
stream and it's not like anything right but like i'm thinking it's like your chat agent is a
completely different level i think it's a lot better of an interaction also if it like can
answer people's questions when they come in and it's like okay atabody is live right now but
you'll be doing an ama at the end right great and checking all of the things you say at the end so
say what you think about the stream right now and where it is and he'll be like oh thank you right
or whatever it's going to be right like it'd be incredible too if we could get like whisper
like integrated into it as well and then maybe you could talk yeah yeah okay so past streams
um so you can see my screen now right yeah yeah so this is restream um this is my studio
you can do multiple studios for like different pre setups and everything on the cloud you know
but basically you have a name you can change the two names update all that'll update all
the places you're live streaming to with the paid account I could live stream to three with
a non-paid you get to one of the ways I get around that is that you can add in guests I
that can add in their own amounts to pair.
Oh, cool.
And you can actually add in just, like,
your own other alt accounts, right?
So you get two per free per email you have.
You get two more, essentially.
I don't know what it caps out at,
but we've done at least, like, six, seven, eight, nine, ten.
So that's what I do there.
The nice thing about this is they just recently added portrait
and landscape, which is pretty cool.
so you can choose
that's awesome
portrait or landscape but if it doesn't look
like the issue is this
is another like paid thing
like they added it but they made it a
paid thing
so I don't know how much exactly
I don't want to start my Sunday trial
until I'm ready
but supposedly you can
wow
yeah so
maybe you switch all of them
to vertical
yeah that's it
if I wanted to do it
that's so funny though if you were vertical
or horizontal you got to pick
yeah they just added it and this is again
why I want to create like the open source version of it
yeah
there's a lot we could do with it but you could
hypothetically add portrait
so
with OBS can you
stream to multiple places too
just by itself
yeah you can use restream
but you can only do the total max amount
that you're like paying for.
So like it would only be two for you right now
with a free account.
Okay, so you couldn't go into OBS and like...
You put in OBS and go to Restream as your output.
Okay.
And it'll pull up this like Restream UI in OBS.
But you'll be able to do two for free basically.
Damn.
Okay.
All right.
Okay.
Well, that's cool.
let's see here and then let me see here let me update my obs because my obs is super old
and then we want to build an agent onto the obs with whisper but let's focus on the llm getting
that worked and trained and then we can have it basically yeah um do uh all that that's amazing
it that'd be great um what would you recommend give your big picture like what are the things
you want out of all of it give you give like all the expectations you want like even a year from
now let's say we knock out one of them like what are all the things you would want out of it so
that we can like start making a list of like high-quality things and like going from there
okay uh what um what model do you think before we do that let me just show you one thing real
quick before we do that so I can finish on restream.
But essentially, the right here is all of your settings.
So you have a graphics tab, which is what you can change the right with.
So this is where I'll change real quickly to another platform.
Then you have the overlays, which is pretty cool, actually.
Very clean.
You can add your own.
And you just press in.
And I'm sure there's a shortcut for them if you wanted, which is really nice.
you can change the overall background
if you want
as well
and choose your own
but then
where it gets really nice
is the captions which is the
scrolling wheel ticker at the bottom
which again you can make all of this in OBS
you just have to make it
the ticker you can do
these lower third section things
like the Q&A
time or welcome to my stream at the beginning
and you can type in whatever you want, right?
And then the real thing is the QR codes.
You can pull up a QR code on there
and just like auto do it here.
And the nice thing is this.
And like, yeah, if you wanted to,
you could do it like this.
But at the end when you're like getting off
or like saying goodbye,
you have the like, you have this
and then let's go back up the caption.
You have the bottom third.
Like let's say this says goodbye.
and then or never mind actually your your background is probably the one that says goodbye
but essentially you can have qr code an image and then you can also have like this live sales
button so you can have a dollar bill like a piece of art and this is right go to it as well
that's cool yeah i like it how it's like all set up so well like this i mean even just to
take a look at it and then recreate that in obs now you see exactly that's what my goal is to do
a bunch of these things but the biggest thing is that it gives is the like live feature if anyone
can jump into this spot and yeah i'm up and that's super clean i have a couple ways i have a couple
ideas it's always been in the back of my mind but i haven't had the right person to attack it with
so this dude that's why i'm really excited actually to have this conversation today but
um i have to talk to edward and um let me see in uh 30 minutes here i think that's the answer
for all this oh the nice thing also actually here is you just pop in music
that's it
press play pause you can change the volume and you can loop you can always have something like
going in the background of your own it's like at a very low volume um
um that's one and then theme is like these round things and whatnot
oh that's cool great idea is that it's like the only reason I pay is to get the custom rtmp streams
which I don't even know which I probably should just get rid of every stream is pay
now that I think
nah this is great to study almost like reverse engineer all of it
Yeah. Especially because I'm not going to have not too many guests on mine, you know, and it's going to be my single stream. So it's like if I just repurpose all of this just for the single feed, be able to switch out all those things on a dime.
And I also want to have it to where I have a screen that way so I can see myself and then also be able to act more natural because this is just not natural.
Turning around to look forward.
Yeah.
But yeah, with the screen there and then being able to affect it in real time, that'd be sick.
Yeah, do you have another camera?
Yeah, then there's the camera,
but then you'd see the ugly side of everything.
So it's like, yeah, probably another TV would be the best
with the mouse facing that way.
Yeah, so you could be facing the other way.
Right, right.
How much monitor do you need?
What's that?
How much of the monitor do you need to see?
um i just needed enough to be able to see myself and then be able to interact with things on obs
if i need to so even a small one yeah probably get one with like a little stand or something
digital um remember that like digital screen that i got yeah or portable screen because you could
just plug that potentially with a long cable and then you could see things and then you could just
have the keyboard right you don't need to see you don't have to have like a whole computer over
there but you can have a display of it over there yeah you said that screen is like 60 bucks right
yeah 60 to 100 something like that sick okay
fucking okay yeah dude no i think that's the jam is having like a screen that way i'm just like
facing this way the whole time don't ever have to awkwardly turn around and then if anything
could maybe have like a graphic on my computer screen um you know something cool going on to
go with the visuals yeah and then kind of like do a dual monitor and then that would be the one
facing this way would be the one where i do all my technical stuff this is all just fun over here um
okay yeah because then i could even have parse because that's one thing i've been doing is i
have parsec over on this computer which controls the laptop that's doing the projection mapping
So if I had one control thing where I could control the projection mapping, have OBS there.
So maybe, yeah, maybe either two screens or one widescreen, or I'd just be very efficient with the spacing.
And I think I could do that.
Because how close could it be?
if I had it like off to the side right here probably wouldn't see it too
yeah right there you wouldn't even see it I think that's the jams yeah get one of
them screens that way I could talk to you yeah let me clean
dude okay awesome no man I really appreciate this um okay
And then you said you have a video of this, a recording of this?
I couldn't get the transcribe to work.
Okay, cool.
Yeah, if you send that to me, I would really appreciate it.
I'll transcribe it over here and then basically have my homework to set it up right.
Perfect, yeah.
Is there anything else you have specifically on questions for things that you want to do before the next one?
Yeah, no, if anything, I'm excited for you to hear the new music and then try.
Okay, so you said you're going to talk with that guy today.
After you talk, from what I understand, he's the guy who knows how to incorporate the LLM into OBS?
That's the goal, yeah.
Right, okay.
Yeah, no, okay, so yeah, keep me updated with him and anything you find out there.
I'm going to do my own research too to see what I can pull up.
And then I'll share notes, anything I figure out too,
I'll send it to you because I imagine you definitely want the tech as well.
Yeah, I know. I'm excited.
So I'll let you know how it goes and then that'll be the next steps.
Okay.
Sick. Awesome, man. I appreciate you a million.
Hell yeah. I'll catch you soon.
Peace out, brother.
Peace.
Thank you.
