For some reason I cannot find on mobile how to start the recording.
What up?
Oh my God, I'm sweating like this.
It just said that the call was being recorded.
It is recording.
I switched to my computer.
Yeah, I had to switch to my computer to actually turn it on, which is really annoying.
Thank you.
Thank you.
you
you you you you you you
I think you might still be muted.
There we go.
Yeah, I was.
Yeah, chilling.
I was just working on this doc.
Feel free if you want to share it.
Yeah, I shared it.
Let me see.
I'll just do a screen sharing one second.
Is this screen sharing?
Yeah, share screens.
Zavo 26
yeah okay
so yeah I shared it with you
I can also share it with
Candy as well but essentially
this is where I'm at
with everything right now
affirmed artists
myself
Ashley she's a very new and upcoming artist
so I just have to make sure she has
some solid material and practice beforehand um but she does do a lot of karaoke on she's really
talented she's like she she definitely needs more vocal like control um but in terms of her range
like bro she like whistles like a ride carry like i'm not even joking it's crazy like she's the only
artist i've heard like an you know independent up-and-coming artist that like hits shit like
that it's wild oh yeah right and then uh 11 john clark prophet and lions den um still have some
artist considerations because i'm thinking maybe eight total uh but definitely i want to do more
max then it just gets too um too packed up um wow i spelled photographer wrong that's pathetic
good thing good thing you're not a seller uh yeah and then we got a videographer juice is confirmed
also considering having a photographer
as well because it would be cool to have
high quality photos not just
videographers
yeah I'll definitely bring my camera and stuff
but like I mean of course have a
professional but like I will definitely be
getting content
if you want to add me as a secondary or backup
yeah
just like I said Michael
why don't you do photographer-streaming
situation
do what?
yeah because like that's going to be the combo that i'll try and focus on and lock in on my side
so like hopefully we can get something that's just sitting there that's streaming the whole thing
and then try and also get a bunch of shots that i can get while the performance is happening that's
just like me physically willing but um yeah we talked about only main obstacles dj but
backup um i was actually just on the phone my producer dcm he's supposed to be flying out um
but his his phone battery died so i told him i call him back after this so we can um
solidify that he's like a a sound guru um he not only does like live sound but he does mixing and
mastering and all that um and he just finished working on the voice um of your that's his
biggest project yeah um pretty baller and he's super down to earth very chill dude
they're my favorite people that's why i love play um yeah exactly um i mean
i'm sure like again like he's in a situation where like if it works in his schedule and like
it doesn't cost him anything i don't think he would say no but both of those things are
hard to figure out so like i mean if you wanted to look at la to dc flights during the weekend
see how much it would cost i can always pick it as an idea and actually just i just privileged him
actually today to tell him i got the first thousand dollars without stuff and i want to
schedule him because he's going to be the first artist i've booked yeah yeah definitely yeah talk
to him i love that yeah when i get a chance and i meant why don't you take a quick look at what
the pricing would be like. Let me know if it
is something that you don't think would be that
difficult and then I can
chat with them. Cool, cool, cool.
Alright, vroom, vroom.
Just some pre-party checklist
reminders. Most of these
aren't really something that needs to be
hugely... No, no, this is good
because this is something that me and Sam
will have to also think about for our event. So, like,
go for it. If it's something you have locked
in or, like, you think you have locked in.
nice yeah basically um uh the living room we're looking to turn that into like a vendor
slash merch vip experience type room um so like my cousin's tattoo shop will be featured
my other buddy yeah my other buddy has a vending machine uh business stuff like that um just amazing
Yeah. We got streaming, which you're going to look into. We'll circle back to that. The IG chat, I'll probably start that up today after I talk to Profit and Eleven and Lion's Den.
do
potential sponsorships
I mean it's possible
but less likely since
it's less professional
as a house party and everything like that
yeah but I might be able to snag something
of like two events
you know like with the Zoustox
so why don't you say in conjunction with Zoustox
cool cool cool
we'll try and like get at least one
or two people before your event so that we
can get something
to have for that.
What the hell are you doing?
You have to give my answer.
It's your fucking job.
Hopefully five more weeks.
It's like
fucking, here I'll show you where I am.
I'm in the interstitials
of the building in the HVAC
area, basically.
To the point where there's someone outside
the door waiting.
because it's technically not
it could be not safely cast
and shit
so yeah it's just a force
Jesus
alright
artist collective retreat so
I'm looking to
based on everybody's schedule
try to have a couple sessions leading up
to the event where
some of the artists
get together maybe work on some collab
type stuff
as well as do some like interviews
and just yeah we'll come back yeah um continue working on promo material i have some merch
i've been designing um for myself and the vc um but definitely you know if candy wants to tap in
on promo and merch you're more than welcome to um and then i was considering a bartender
but honestly because like i have the um i showed you briefly before the the um big like outdoor
set we have with like the couches and um seats and stuff like that we're gonna move that down
to the pool and i got some they look they look fucking legit but they weren't actually were
pretty cheap those like velvet rope things got enough to go around that and i got them for like
it was like 60 bucks um but they look professional and then i have like a little outdoor bar um
so i could do a bartender but honestly what i was thinking is getting like you know those setups they
have like at chipotle where they have the frescas or whatever where they're it's like the container
with the dispenser i was thinking i could just pre-batch drinks and have that there so that way
like you still get the experience you have better you know better like quality weight and stuff
pay a bartender and who knows you know like yeah i think that's the nice thing that you have is you
know everyone that's coming yeah it's a lot more manageable and then uh food menu decisions uh we
did a taco bar last time but then we also just did a taco bar for senco de mayo so probably try
to switch it up and i just do tacos every time i do that taco bar is easy though so i wouldn't know
yeah that's true um so we'll see maybe taco bar again but who knows and then um this is just like
the energy flow of the day we break everything down uh start up at like 11 a.m um i'm guessing
you know when i say 11 a.m most people start showing up around 12 30 one o'clock um which
you know is typical and then people trickling throughout the day um and this is also mainly
for like content focus like content team captures arrivals fit checks early vibes
that type of stuff two to three p.m food activation um social mixing blah blah blah
three to four thirty ish uh peak day party energy we have like these big i think i might have mentioned
before like inflatable chickens that go in the pool so you could do like a chicken fight on a
chicken um and then have like some like water gun water balloons oh bubbles i was going to say that
too how people like bulls because i feel like that would be like great for aesthetics um dj starts
turning the energy up uh and then this is viral content window slow-mo shots crowd reactions
competitive moments uh 4 30 to 5 is when we'll do a transition into the music side of things
um start you know announcing everybody you know try to be outside for this um
then five to six we'll do like open mic dj set type of thing i know there will be some people
coming that range from you know they they do karaoke to they do spoken word to they are an
artist but not necessarily like doing shows at the moment i know there's like a handful of people
coming that would be able to do that then six to eight um feature performances so all the artists
on the docket i'm thinking i think i've mentioned this briefly before that i'll be the opener um
So that way things will go smoother where I can just, you know,
have an opening statement, have you tied in on that.
Just talk a little bit about, you know,
what Zao and what VT is and how Zaoville is this collaboration,
how we support artists.
And then I'll just go into my set.
I'm figuring it'll probably go this way where it's me,
then Ashley, Eleven and John Clark.
they're actually dating and i think they have some collabs too and i believe one if not both
of them have a collab with profit so that just works real smooth because this can switch around
um but uh and then lion's den to be like the headliner ish depending on the artist considerations
and then if the timing is right and even if it's not fully um that's when we'll do like a final
message for the performances and then i'll do supernova light as the closer um fire spin with
the headset on uh and then that's when we'll do the night swim afterglow experience um got lights
in the pool that that change colors got a whole bunch of fucking glow sticks and shit uh so i'll
have somebody like passing out all that stuff like right as this is happening so everybody's
like snap and glossed it.
I think a lot of this is great.
Do you think we could do an inventory check
or like a full list of all the things that we'll need?
I think you know all of them
and like you probably have all of them,
but it would be nice to have it all written down somewhere as well.
Oh, 100%.
Yeah, yeah, I agree totally.
So that's where this is kind of...
Perfect, yeah.
I'll take what we have here and summarize it
and send it over to you
so you can take everything we talked about today
and synthesize it.
Cool, cool, cool.
Yeah, so...
essentially that's where it goes from there to the vip system breakdown
um and then this is where i will do the checklist i'll just put a big old thing here now
so that'll be the checklist i've already got it working in uh in chat gbt but i wanted to make
sure that the vip stuff and everything's included instead of having to go back and integrate that
checklist and then the last thing i'm working on right now um is the like artist form just
to kind of keep thing kosher like how long is your second to be do you need any sort of
perfect yeah addition rider yeah like yeah rider yeah rider um checklist and rider um cool cool
um so yeah i think that's pretty much where we're at everything's going good um
I'm also going to put up here just like RSVPs and guests.
Focus.
Just put that for now.
And right now we're out of 86 out of 100 RSVPs.
Okay.
So, boom.
Yeah.
That's pretty much where we're at.
Sounds great.
What's your email, Candy?
Samantha at
candy toy box.com
That's the
Oh yeah, I probably
I would have had it because it's got
Okay, cool, cool, cool
That
Can keep up with the
And
What
Why am I blanking on his name?
The dude that
No, not
I'm in.
Deep rush?
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
He had said that he's planning on coming,
and then we could talk about him being a part of this,
but I don't believe I've spoken to him since.
We had a message.
I'll shoot him in.
You know what?
Let me make a deep text for the three of us right now.
Cool.
Yeah, that works.
I'm way better with
texting than
Discord and everything else.
I think I can do that.
Cool, cool, cool.
All right, boom, boom.
Yeah, so
just keep
plugging and chugging.
I'm going to call
DC. I'm going to go over things with him.
Then I need to work on this track
for a little bit.
Thanks to Nian, Kyron. I'm good to go.
I'm just waiting for this humidity
to settle out and I'll be out there.
Sorry.
Good night.
Are you suffocating?
Are you soliciting in there?
Nope.
Just a good old 20.800.
Every 20 minutes
they have to check.
Yeah.
So our man's doesn't die.
You mean you guys don't have like canaries or anything these days?
Yeah, I'm going to give DCM a call because he's six hours ahead of time.
So I don't give him a call now.
I'm going to miss it.
Okay, no worries.
That's perfect.
That's a good summary.
If you're free in the next couple days, I'll just recap this and send it to you.
I just want to catch up with you on a couple other things.
It would be great.
Yeah, so tomorrow I'm free up until 4.
I'll just actually do this, but yeah, tomorrow I'm on.
Perfect.
And then Friday I'm off.
So Friday morning would be great too if you're around.
Yeah, yeah, I'm off Friday too, so that's perfect.
Okay, perfect.
Well, it's planned for Friday if not the next two days.
Cool, cool.
Sounds good.
Second, I appreciate you.
Sam, do you have any questions?
No, no, I'm all good.
I just think I look at those logos you sent me and I'm all good for now, but I'm available
whenever I'm always home.
But yeah, I'll definitely tap in with you once I start circling back to, let me see,
just to give you like a quick example on the um
promo side of things uh we have a video my pit my pin tweet um from previous show is from the one
of the previous shows so i'll probably use some of that video content um and i could send okay i've
been bro one of the things you should be doing is anything you post on my animal
send at least to me but send it in the group chat under like media oh bet okay cool yeah
especially like anything on miami last year like we should be sharing that better so like anything
you have up there just tag me with the link even if you just text me and i can only share with this
that will count you know okay you mean uh group chat and media in the discord or telegram is
is going to be where we're going to be.
Yeah.
All the notes and stuff can go.
Yeah, I'll note that.
But again, you can text me anything
and I can always forward stuff.
So like if you can't figure out where to put it,
just text me and ask me and I'll do it
or I'll tell you and send you a link.
Yeah, but it would be good for me,
especially to focus on the telegram
so that way we can keep things like,
yeah.
I'll just put that at the top of the list here.
Thanks, guys.
I appreciate it.
Yeah, I appreciate it.
See you later this week?
Yeah, I'll just send you some examples.
Look at flights sooner than later as well for you.
So you mean to drive?
We're probably going to drive, especially if I'm going to bring my equipment.
Okay, perfect.
Yeah, no, that makes sense.
Thanks.
All right.
I appreciate it.
All right, cool.
I'll catch you.
Peace.
See you guys.
Cool.
Peace.
I'll talk to you in a minute.
Of course, it was two different corners of the room.
And I went in the...
I went the hard way first.
And I could have gone the easy way.
And I'm a little upset at myself.
What's this?
1630?
That's 1630.
This is 75.
We should write it down on this, if you wouldn't mind, if you have a program marker in it.
I do have a Sharpie, but it's actually really just testing it to make sure.
It'd be fucking recordable to get it off.
Oh, it flipped off. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
Oh, my God. I'm sweating like buckets, though.
Sometimes I just want to open a fucking vent and cool myself.
I have in the past.
Only with the supplies.
But...
Here we go.
I think this one's closer, which is good.
No, I lied.
Yep, 218000.
